Fantasy Drama Movie about a Girl Looking for her Father
How does this answer the question? This is commentary at best.
Path integral measure in Coleman's "Aspects of symmetry"
No.  It would be p equals some specified value at some z elevation. This has to correspond to some known pressure at some known elevation.
This is wrong,Electric field is nonconservative when magnetic field is changing and you cannot apply Kirchhoff's law then.
Looking up touchscreen history - found this 1981 computer that used Infrared to detect finger movement.  Clearly Star Trek was an inspiration. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Touchscreen#/media/File:Platovterm1981.jpg
I'm referring to the ones newly introduced in Rogue One - I can't remember if they were given a specific name - I only remember them being referred to as 'Imperial Droids'
Religious persecution is hardly unique to communist countries. It's practically universal.
How would you classify the documentary Transcendent Man?
Which protocol should I use for secure message transfers between two servers?
As you mention, it the fact that the first polariser 'converts' unpolarised light to polarised light that does the majority of the perceived attenuation. For an interesting test (for the OP who has the sheets..), take the first two sheets and arrange them as a crossed polariser at maximum extinction, then insert a third polariser between them at a 45 degree angle. What happens and Why... ?
@notstoreboughtdirt - Probably not.  "[C]onduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator" doesn't cover anything related to the job they will be taking or specific facts or commentary on the nominee's qualifications.  It only restricts discussing *things that were done* (conduct) or the *reasons for them* (motive).  So "You have no experience with _______" is valid, but "You took bribes from the _____ industry" is not.
Just wanted add, anyone notice that in the finale, French is dressed in the exact outfit that Homer was in from Cuba onwards?
Thanks Jack, your line **But I wonder based on what we can define this formula? I mean what's the difference between calculating the entropy and the multiplicity function** is the same question as Schroeder asks the reader in his book, and he does say, (I think) something to the effect, "just treat them the same." But I will need to check. Thanks
@SmedleyDSlap, that sounds suspiciously similar to Universal Basic Income, but not as good.
Science fiction novel about an assassin's guild that claims to be apolitical (while doing the local tyrant's dirty work)
What exactly is Trump's economic policy, and is it consistent with his previous statements?
@alexwlchan - You're right. I've added it to my answer below.
Who was the reporter to whom Donald Trump said "You're fake news"?
Is India's latest election indicative of an end to the caste based political system?
I vote to reopen. This does show effort and is about a physics concept.
But keep in mind that trump expressed his hatred for snowden
Identify The Day of the Doctor old shots
$SU(2)_L$ Gauge theory and particle-antiparticle annihilation
hmmnn... maybe. Sorry, I'm not sure to be able to help you but maybe would be as simple as "give it to them if you trust them". If not, ask why and why and why until they give you a reasonable reason or if not, don't give to them the documents.
Obtaining the public DNSSEC root key
LM (Lan Manager) Hash - Brute Force Failing
how long is "a few years back" ?
Hi, welcome to SFF:SE.  Please try to include evidence like quotes to help solidify your answer. Otherwise answers like this work just as well as comments.
Were these characters the same as in A New Hope?
@pela Ok Thanku. Will search for it.  Learn it when it calls. Thanku
@Gallifreyan Give the people what they want.
When did Clay become a phoner?
In the Travel Ban Executive order - What is the " Biometric Entry-Exit Tracking System?"
Why were Olive and Emma's powers changed in Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children?
This is a great example of a scale error.
Did Magneto know that Apocalypse intended to kill Charles Xavier?
What explains the connection between the boat's name and Lee's daughter?
Why isn't a standard for encrypted but open WiFi developed?
ID Japanese anime movie, schoolgirl who is constantly getting bullied
Old novel of a hunter on a man-eating island; he has to escape from another hunter who would try to kill him
senate democrats eliminated the nuclear option when they had the majority a few years ago, over republican objections. the republicans warned that without the nuclear option, the democrats could lose a powerful means to stop the republican administration nominees if / when the table is turned. well, the democrats today would have loved to undo what they enthusiastically did a few year back.
Understood. I wasn't suggesting that you said that. But merely pointing out the fact that someone would find it feasible to pull a fast one on the public with such a shady excuse. But if we look around now, the same thing happens around us everyday too. Democracy, WMD, freedom, persuit of happiness, human rights, ... The modern equivalents of the french "bringing education and civilization to the barbarians".
What miniseries featured a man who was place in charge of a post office?
It's best to consider *Voyager* as a whole as non-canon.
Why was porygon in this episode of Pokémon
About role of a minister in Parliament who is not a member of either house of Parliament.
I think the question is a bit restrictive, as it implies the *contents* of the emails are the only factor that may be significant, and precludes, for example, consideration of how having the emails drip-feed to the press meant drowned out other stories that may have been good for clinton or bad for trump. Suggest rewording it as "how could the release of the hacked clinton/DNC emails have influenced the election outcome?"
Server key length in OpenSSH
@cde Blame Eccleston and Moffat/BBC for failing to reach an agreement. :(
In my judgment, the goal is to determine the torque about the COM.  This can then be set equal to the angular acceleration times the moment of inertial about the COM.  We can get this torque about the COM using any other point as the axis of rotation by including the pseudo force through the COM and the moment it produces.
And one might also ask... *what was his plan there, anyway?!* How on earth did he know where it'll hit and who it'll hurt?
what do we mean by 'regular person'. Hasn't Rick only ever explained what Dimension he is from to those individuals who are aware of multiple Dimensions?
Was Claire and Lee checking out the house a flashback?
@InternetRoyalty Cool, glad it helped! Don't forget to approve the answer by clicking on the check mark next to it.
Was Alexis Polux Chapter Master for longer than Dante?
Ok, thanks. What's the difference between ballistic galvanometer and classic galvanometer?
Hi Garvan and welcome to the Physics SE! Please note that this is not a homework help site. Please see [this Meta post on asking homework questions](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/questions/714/how-do-i-ask-homework-questions-on-physics-stack-exchange) and [this Meta post for "check my work" problems](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/questions/6093/should-any-check-my-work-questions-be-made-on-topic).
Is it safe to download internet files over TOR
@kasperd, I can see the customer questions now: "Why can't I stream videos to my computer or tablet with that same quality?"
Java Object encryption
I'm not so sure that there is a significant anti-Eastern Europe vibe among the parties mentioned. Politicians like Orban are viewed as leaders acting in their national interest, which might not align with Western European interests but they are still respected for by other nationalists.
@David had he had *decent* coverage, it would have never led to the emergency situation it led to. Whether or not Obamacare would have solved that specific case is of course debatable, but it's not debatable that Obamacare brought *decent* insurance coverage to tens of millions of people.
Is it OK to pass credentials to the client to allow it to upload files to Amazon S3?
This is no joke my friend!
the reason why I ask is because I want to be able to create a java.security. PublicKey object with the bytes and I don't know how to do that.
Could Germany sue the former Allied nations for War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity they committed during WW2?
Can the president appoint him- or herself to the Supreme Court?
"A rather larger body, varying at need, was employed to 'beat the bounds', and to see that Outsiders of any kind, great or small, did not make themselves a nuisance." Not sure exactly how that needs to be interpreted.
But is ryll mined on Kessel? They mention that planet in ANH, and then never again.
@DVK-in-Florida What prequels?
@Xantec. You're right, it is. The Hogwarts staff member delivering the letter would be expected to mention Diagon Alley (as Dumbledore did). Hagrid neglected to do this by just posting the letter through the letterbox. So really it's an oversight on the part of Hagrid (although obviously in reality he did take Harry to DA in person).
Good, I got it right then. Thanks for the answer!
Aliens, capable of interstellar travel. Im sure forging some documents are easy enough.
How do we know the number of photons in a decay?
What do you mean by "the average force normal to surface on the ball cancels (due to assumption of uniformity in the field)"?
NYC is the worst.  They literally have a room that holds teachers suspected of raping or sexually assaulting grade school students, because they can't fire them
Why do you think surface charge density should not change? "By my knowledge" is not a reason.
@dmckee I always loved to listen to John Glenn talking about this, drawling in his characteristic languid, laconic and understated way, (paraphrasing) ..... and we thought that perhaps it might be a good idea to let the engineers work on the launch vehicle some more before we got in it!
How would India government ban old notes without passing any bill?
So couldn't we expand medicaid instead of using  obamacare? I know Obamacare is just insurance, but the end result is the same and the cost of administering treatment is the same, so even bother with Obamacare?
Why is Narendra Modi so politically successful?
Hmm, but isn't the [Vrĳzinnige Partĳ](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vrijzinnige_Partij) in parliament under the name [Groep Klein](https://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerleden/fracties/klein)?  Then why Nieuwe Wegen / Monasch but not Vrĳzinnige Partĳ / Klein?
Why not? I'm just accepting observations. If A's angle is vertical and B's angle is 60°, then B gives opposite spins 3/4 of the time. That's real, I can't disagree with that. I'm not saying the inequality is wrong, as I said in the first paragraph, I'm saying the experiment can't reproduce it. Check what I've answered to the other guy.
How does the state variables $(P,V)$ remain constant for a system with adiabatic wall
[This page](http://sf-encyclopedia.com/entry/time_loop) lists a 1932 short story, but I'm certain the genre is much older than that.
Why didn't the T-1000 terminator shoot the eyes of the T-800?
You are right, the notation is pretty awful, I just tried to follow that of the book though. Now I rewrite It, also because I think I can handle the first part.
Image of diverging lens
@Steeven added a sketch.
I agree. _The Man in the High Castle_ is a character. Why does it seem there is a point to disagree?
Physical chemistry problem
This answer seems speculative, more of an opinion piece; but the OP is requesting fact checking.  Supposing at present the facts are obscured by mystery, there's no harm in leaving it unanswered.
[The version found in the CoS game](http://i.imgur.com/LhhRTyG.jpg) (which has been [confirmed to be written by Jo](http://web.archive.org/web/20100310145702/http://www.jkrowling.com/textonly/en/faq_view.cfm?id=96)) didn't mention the Order. The version packaged with [the Hasbro chocolate frog cards](https://i.imgur.com/FHvtOW0.jpg) (not confirmed to be from Jo) did. This is correctly explained in [the Lexicon's updated article](https://www.hp-lexicon.org/2016/12/29/famous-wizard-cards/).
What is the electric potential at the point charge, at the source of field?
Yeah those last comments calling for you to 'please' impact them don't sound like they've been through  a lot of disclosures. As someone with a few CVE's I've seen a few careless friends get in trouble.Like I said, them not getting your message could be a technical issue. Companies without policies have sued people for a `../` or an apostrophe, and in the US the sentences are worse then those for terrorism.
Can u please elaborate or suggest any online resource where i could find more about this?
@Carpetsmoker: That's specifically against Eastern Europeans working in Western Europe.
I gave a source (the link). Here's another: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/alias
How to ensure wildcard certificate private key security?
@Brythan - I don't think this is a duplicate, but I didn't do a good job of separating my question from that one. Hopefully now it's more clear that I am not asking for advantages (although some advantages may be relevant).
@Qmechanic yeah, I waffled over this, but ultimately chose Physics since it seemed to have more continuum-mechanics related questions.
Is redirecting in htaccess providing enough security for sensitive pages?
@CPHPython It works when your intrusion scanner is just grepping for 'assert'. How many of them do that, I have no idea.
Rate of change of direction of momentum correlation in Brownian motion
Difference between Executive Orders and Presidential Memoranda
Why was Thorin so interested in gold in the film, when he was really just after the Arkenstone?
Why couldn't Deanna Troi detect the presence of ensign Ro and LaForge?
Possible anomaly in Cryptonomicon
Do I need knowledge of American culture and history to enjoy Forrest Gump?
@Trilarion Negative. Torture has been illegal for a while. There was never an attempt to make torture legal. Rather, they categorized the actions they were taking as "not torture" but enhanced interrogation techniques.
I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because this is a legal question and belongs on [Law.SE].
Because they really were Time, Love and Death.
This is a good explanation, thanks.
Welcome to Physics Stack Exchange! [This related question](http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/5326/56299) may help you.
[Professor Monkey-For-A-Head](http://earthwormjim.wikia.com/wiki/Professor_Monkey-For-A-Head) from _Earthworm Jim_ preceded him, but I don't if that counts :-)
But, I guess we look at this emphasizing very different principles. I appreciate the time you put into answering my comments. Looks like the moderators think the exchange is too long, so may be we can return to this in the context of some thread.
What's meant by this bill (H.R. 720) text?
What was funny about Hanzo's hand in the film Predators?
I'm uncomfortable with this kind of question. It's asking for direct help in cracking someone's wifi network.
In the context of FIDO U2F, when is a new ephemeral key reused, or cached?
Were the Borg Always intended to be a Delta Quadrant power?
Japan: How is the Liancourt Rocks/Dokdo/Takeshima situation different from the Kuril Islands situation?
Amazon Echo/Dot on your network
Percent difference doesn't work for my data
Which public key encryption method should I choose to sign?
Your responses are much appreciated.
In "The Six Thatchers", why does Watson blame Sherlock rather than himself?
There might actually be a secondary financial benefit - I wouldn't be surprised of it's plain out cheaper to station troops in Poland than in Germany, for example. But that's not really certain and definitely not the main reason even if true.
Network administrator knowing all user passwords
I recommend rewording your question to "What technical means are available to deal with state actors breaking TLS?". The question as it is currently formulated is better suited for law.SE.
Are the TIE Fighter pilots clones?
Does energy of photon change due to some external magnetic field?
The form "Q" takes is cosmetic as implied by the episode, [Déjà Q](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D%C3%A9j%C3%A0_Q) in which another "Q" appears and remarks at the bipedal nature of their circumstance.
Why is visa-free travel such a big deal in politics?
buddy don't say xmen 3 as disaster I like original trilogy.
Do countries frame their contributions in climate change negotations in reference to others?
I feel like other animals could kick a field goal given proper training. Esp. since the FG distance wasnt very far for Snowflake
What is the risk of Russia invading Baltics?
I think this answer is wrong — I certainly took it to be meant literally. The last line in your answer is key, but it’s entirely possible that the worth of market value of small amounts of mithril is so ridiculously high that, scaled to a whole armour made of mithril, its value would indeed dwarf an unimportant economy such as the Shire’s, without requiring an exact calculation. This isn’t *that* unrealistic for an item’s value (as a gift, it kind of is though).
Do politicians ever admit they made a bad decision?
I still think that with more details from your actual proof, you might have a better chance of getting something which is useful for you.
Running a local server inside a virtual machine disconnected from the Internet - is this secure?
What non-Star Trek movie used the TOS font for the end credits?
Book narrated by the devil
Does someone have it out for me, or is this router "features"?
Store SQL database credentials in a webserver
That's not .p12 format. Just .PEM format with the (wrong) .p12 file name extension. Do you really, really need p12 format? (If what you did works, then you don't, since it never was P12.)
[Related answer](http://movies.stackexchange.com/a/33905/1190) for you bonus sidenote with word of god.
Why Burj Khalifa was lit up in Tri-Colour Indian Flag on India Republic Day
Anything else you can remember about th's book? [This](http://meta.scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/9335/how-to-ask-a-good-story-id-question) could help.
I'm not sure your answer is correct. Even if we know the EXACT wave function, the outcome of an experiment can be subject to probability. For instance, we know the exact wave form of the electron in an hydrogen atom. However, when we try to measure the position of the electron, what we get is a probability distribution around the nucleus. This is what we call an "orbital".
What did Tarzan say to Cheeta when Cheeta did a good job?
Why is there a disclaimer about not accepting money from tobacco companies at the end of movies?
How does the President of the United States get a budget authorised?
When did the practice of having a joke with no music at the end of a trailer begin?
If at some point President Trump was impeached, what would it take to actually be removed?
Can you identify an Indian comedy about a shy man disguised as an extrovert dancer?
What security considerations are there when developing a random password generator?
In UK law if someone is intestate the assets go to the blood relatives so I don't know why you are using that as a point to say the family don't have special rights.
A little update regarding this: I have not been called a single time by any kind of advertising.
Comment deleted and made into an answer.
All right, seems we will remain with different opinions on this, as to me, TOS *Metamorphosis* appears to be the one-off episode.
It seems to me this answer confirms what the restrictions on a 501(c)3 are w.r.t a candidate; I think the more relevant issue here is whether the filing makes Trump a "candidate" for purposes of said restrictions, especially in light of the first phrase in the filing, "While this does not constitute a formal announcement of my candidacy for the 2020 election."
Why was Vader accompanied by the Imperial Royal Guard on Mustafar?
Animated movie about kid who lost his parents in a car accident with a deer (got reunited via time travel)
Access Control Primitives
unfortunately not, this is also not a series like I described. Arghh its bugging me haha I hope I find it
Duplicate of http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/43293/176?
I kinda doubt it is a standard maneuver. Landscape of a sea bottom is highly irregular with no way to check it's state and anyway most of the boats operated at the depths much exceeding their operating depth to attempt such a trick. Additionally, most of the time they wouldn't even know how deep was the ocean under them unless they were operating in a specific place which is well-mapped (Gibraltar would certainly be such a place).
Why is a sleeping bag so cold when you first get in?
When did Jeor Mormont ask Tarly to send the ravens?
Which Sci-Fi work introduced the idea of "Touchscreen used by fingers"?
You want to use TPM (Trusted Platform Module) for key storage. Impracticality of tying up key CPU resources for storage aside, registers are controlled by scheduler and are routinely cached. That is, your keys will end up elsewhere no matter what you do. That is, unless you also write your own kernel that implements custom scheduler.
You can test your own code with tools such as sqlmap (linux) , scawlr (HP tool for windows) and sql inject me (Firefox  plug in).
Thanks. A better question: did you recognise her as fishing before, or after, finding the full-sized photo?
Commutation Relation between the Dirac Hamiltonian and Helicity operator
I'm not aware of any password hashes that suffer from the problem you mention in the first two sentences of your second paragraph. Can you provide some examples?
What about the other AGRA drives?
Does that imply presidents sometimes push agendas that aren't meaningful to them?
Interesting question, and I agree with you that it deserves a separate question. Please do, I will reply in this separate post.
Why do so many kids in Digimon wear gloves?
Firstly R&R signifies Rest and Recreation. So the recreation part takes care of the radio programs part of the question. Secondly, as you can see my last quoted question, the user asked why radio programs were being run at Vietnam and not why the army has its own program. Please correct me if I understood the question wrong.
How did my professor sniff my Gmail password?
Did young Luke learn of his grandmother's burial at the Lars homestead?
@peterh agreed, sorry. Am new to posting on stack... ;)
@grochmal a smartphone sends a probe request, is it an AP? What I understand by an AP is a WiFi access point that provides a wireless network.
Ghost from their kindergarden will follow them in their dreams
Do we know the timeline on the Sci-Fi names in the question? I would guess that early ones were doctors, and later ones could have just as easily been inspired by the early ones as by the actual doctor.
I have worked with multiple frameworks, but still can't see what your question is...
@Paul leave the actors enough time in the snow and you won't have to pay them anymore! :-D
How to protect an offline proprietary software from being stolen
@poisson I see.  That type of symmetry breaking is not what you asked about in your question, which is why my answer discusses a different type of symmetry breaking.  But your comment here certainly implies a fair additional question.  The answer is complicated enough that I won't have room for it in this comment, so I'll add another section to my answer headed "Buckling, Crumbling, and Toppling".  But...
They also used 'magic' to accomplish their works. Minas Tirith (The First Age one) had a spell bounding stone to stone, and it collapsed after Lúthien had broken it.
Visualizing the $H$ field
change read/write user permissions in windows server 2012 from java code
@Steve-O What are you suggesting? Have unprotected sex and then go back in time to stop yourself? :)
how to ensure that the DNS server is giving me the legitimate information?
How steady is your hand? But seriously, this question is entirely wrong-headed if you are concerned about safety. If anything is going to get close to an electrical contact, it must be de-powered. No exceptions!
"*It's all down to Neville.  He really gets this room. You've got to ask it for exactly what you need - like, 'I don't want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in' - and it'll do it for you!  You've just got to make sure you close the loopholes!  Neville's the man!*" - Seamus
Why is the Labour Party in such significant decline?
Has Angela Merkel criticised travel bans on Israelis?
The spin-orbit interaction for a classical magnetic dipole moving in an electric field
Because light sabers glow in the dark.  Search TV Tropes for "Rule of Cool."
What exactly did the federal judge do to Trump's executive order?
@sammygerbil My question is, indeed, why and how this procedure works. Since it is used extensively in statistical mechanics, I thought it would be on-topic at physics.stackexchange.
I've edited the question with some links and rephrasing to try to clarify; feel free to revert if you disagree.
Agreed. Nothing I've read has referenced a prior similar event.
We differ politically but this is a great and concise answer.  +1
Why do fusion cross sections drop after a certain temperature?
Why does India follow a 'No First Use Policy' for nuclear weapons?
could you try '//\nalert(1);window.history.back()       ?.if that doesn't work, it might be a 500 error with a redirect to root as default behaviour
Spooky behaviour with Authy
@phoog They seem pretty obvious - blackmail, torture, assassination, etc. Obviously all strongly not recommended, for all sorts of reasons, but they are, technically, "theoretically things that could force him to leave office". :p
Thank you for the quick reply. Just wanted to confirm one more thing. How do you mitigate this issue? Is it done by mandating auth for all the mail sending actions?
Positive charge has high potential why?
Why didn't Snape just kill Voldemort to buy more time while the latter was recuperating as a Horcrux?
I hate your answer, but it is correct. I, naively, had a different reaction upon reading that part.  Namely:  "I can't wait to see that in film".
@Snowman "They mostly come at night.  Mostly." Excellent reference!
How would the cost for health insurance change in Germany, if 40% instead of 90% were part of statutory insurance?
Suggestions on how I would detect that, or rather; or whether there would be a Windows Event log confirming this ??
In The Expanse, what is the protomolecule made out of?
Where was the planet inhabited by "the Giants" located relative to Earth?
Why is the perpendicular part a scalar in the electrodynamic boundary conditions at surfaces?
Animated TV series with King Arthur / Sword in Stone theme; 'Excalibur' replaced by AI robot scepter
I think it's worth nothing that GitHub publishes public keys of all its users. [You don't even have to be logged in.](https://github.com/coding-horror.keys)
Is the story plotline or arc for the Star Wars series going to be overhauled with Carrie Fisher's death?
What 1980's kids book series about boy learning magic spells?
Why wasn't the line of succession for cabinet members followed after they died?
can a nation encompassing a diaspora with no geographical delineation also be or have its own state
Hm, pest should not be a problem for witchers, as their mutation makes them immune to diseases. However, there is another reason to avoid cities or even villages: Most people don't like witchers and highly distrust them (yeah, they might be useful to get rid of mosters, but they are somehow monsters themselves and may rob your children if you're not careful). So it is safer for witchers to stay among themselves, far away from other people.
What is the meaning if all IoT hacked by Mirai all over the world identify themselves on my server since 15 days in the rhythm of 180 unique IoT/h?
@MPS Yep, that's the one (for Ubuntu).
Usually clouds move across the sky, sometimes very fast, sometimes slow. A stationary cloud is not common.
Do lekku grow with age?
How is $\mu$ the same as a renormalisation scale?
Is the soft iron core inside a solenoid moved?
Stormtrooper sanitation
< more prayers or religious speeches happened, and one of them was by a Rabbi. this goes to the point I made below - there are many different flavors of "secular", just as there are many different flavors of "atheist".
How many US flags over the US Capital in 2016 or 2017?
Can the UK parliament push a legislation, actively opposed by the Queen?
How did Wolverine get his Adamantium claws back?
How did the media know the method Batman used to catch the Joker?
Cartoon in which Donald Duck tries to stop another duck from committing suicide
Standardized Data Formats for specifying bandstructure and Fermi surfaces
We do. That's how dams work.
Is password cracking noisy?
The short answer is *No, adding effort to solve the problem won't help reopen the question*. See [this Meta post on asking homework questions](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/q/714/) and [this Meta post for "check my work" problems](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/q/6093/).
If someone transfers money from a bank account to a prepaid master card, can he trace the master card back
Hmm? Please flesh out your question *before* posting it - that's also in your own interest, since people will vote on the version they currently see, and will not necessarily return once you have finalized it to correct their vote.
As soon as I saw your answer I jumped out of bed to look for this movie. I couldn't possibly thank you enough, you have no idea of the service you have done me, I've been looking for this movie ever since it came out, and you gave me the answer in less than 2 hours. Best of luck to you, glad to be a member of this community.
@skooba your are glossing over all of the complexities. Because something is easy for you does not mean it is for everyone else.
What's different between two formulas in my problem. Which one shall I use.?
Are extreme-right and extreme-left ultimately the same thing?
@theguest  It's an exchange specifically for science fiction. I was trying to be helpful.
I'll certainly check it out.  But superior?  As a native kiwi that will be my judgement to make :-P
Honestly, the angels could have turned London in 2007 into a "farm" that sustains them, so why didn't they in Blink?
probably not the original reference: https://www.thrillist.com/entertainment/nation/arrival-chinese-line-ending
What would happen if Deadpool were injected with Adamantium?
If it is called Mandalorian, I would think that the Mandalorians designed it.
I don't know what is the area element i must use in spherical or cylindrical ones.
@IsmaelMiguel does windows 10 have IE7?
Help a newbie out here. @CGCampbell's comment is a perfectly legitimate answer. Why is it not an Answer? Even in the comments box, it says "Avoid answering questions in the comments," and yet I see more answers in comments than in the answers. Is it to avoid downvotes?
Thanks a lot, but can you give me a link for the first site, GhostSec's pentest labs?
Please provide as much information as possible.  When and where you watched it, language, color or black & white etc
On a molecular level, what is the difference between a liquid and a powder?
The Matrix: How did the Nebuchadnezzar know where to find Neo in the real world?
and I'd disagree w/ @Edlothiad's response - it is absolutely based more on myth than sci-fi concepts - but, ultimately, that doesn't matter since Valorum is correct :)
important addition — if anyone touches your unencrypted installation, consider it trojaned — wipe drive completely and install fresh OS afterwards
Distribution of keys for a python messaging application
I've always thought that this is one of the few occasions where you need to read the book to fully understand the film.. though you also need to see the film to fully understand the book. You've got to viddy to kopat, that's my soviet, my old droogs ;) [You also need one finger in the glossary, right the way through]
Is mankind still doomed at the end of "Oblivion"?
And what is not useful with this answer? Downvotes with no explanation are not useful to anyone.
What does the ending scene of The Sopranos mean?
@defalt I don't think OP was asking about the VPN server's port (which I addressed, too).
Understood. I'm looking more at knowledge management and consumption for people. C
How replaceable are "career" bureaucrats by new administrations?
Ah, good catch. The last one looks suspiciously familiar, too.
Is it secure to login to your online banking through a third party?
Hi, welcome to the site. You say the Hulk saw 'something messed up' - do you have any quotes or information from the film that would help explain what is was he actually saw?
I wish they'd spend research efforts on how to get more voters to act rationally. :)
Is there any evolutionary advantage to the position of the Vulcan heart?
What was the Donnager's escort doing during the battle?
@Qsigma a 4 digits (5 in some cases) code IS secure if the bank blocks the card after a few incorrect attempts. Mine does.
What does this mean "upending standard committee rules"?
Has any command structure officer ever given an order to a superior (in terms of rank) officer?
Looking for STIG/SCAP Scanner
@knzhou lets take light of 500nm. In the single slit (width = 0.1mm), we find the first maximum at an angle of 0.286 degrees. Now lets take a diffraction grating of the same width with 1000000 slits carved into it. The equation: dsin(x)= (lambda).   d=10^-10. Now the first maximum does not even appear on the screen. These are 2 very different results. Did i miss something?
How much information is stored in a genome and how much in the distribution of genomes in a species?
I disagree with MAC address filtering and SSID broadcast. Turning off SSID broadcast means that the SSID will be broadcast during communications. You only turn of the periodic beacon and thus you **lower** your security since rogue AP are now easier. As for MAC-address filtering: Active MACs are also broadcast. No added security. Lastly, chaing the name is a good idea, but if I see a WAP with the ID 'Belkin' and a wireless radio with a MAC from Cisco then I also can figure that out.
What's the most accurate account of the current President's monetary debts?
Is there any US-wide collection of information about party strength for local elections?
How did the doctor know the cause of death just by putting his ear on the dead body?
@Valorum: Do you want to grab any or all of my memory erasure bit?
Reply P.S: basically, looking at the arp table on the victim machine I've noticed that the record regarding the gateway was changing constantly, back and forth between the actual MAC address of the gateway and that of the attacker.
Why do all Potterwatch contributors' codenames start with "R"?
Buffer overflow attack
Why was Hogwarts so adamant about having Harry go there?
Ah, we posted at the same time. I agree with you.
If you don't have a specific question then why're you posting here? What do you expect the community to help you with?
Well this should be some coefficient or a number that I could use to solve the second part of my "problem". I have added the volume figure.
The blue shifting could even get to the point that the microwave background is visible, I really don't know. I think as far as the more extremely warped paths of light coming up from near the black hole, you might look at the black hole from interstellar. They modeled all of the light really well. However, I think you have some creative leeway here given just how complex the paths of rays near a black hole can be. Best of luck
That was my understanding too. But then I saw the IETF draft for SameSite cookiees (link in question) and I got confused when I saw that the proposed SameSite cookie flag could thwart CSRF
A futuristic book I am sure was titled "Grandfather Bank"
Please use mathjax to format mathematical expressions. To learn more about mathjax, please read [MathJax basic tutorial and quick reference](http://meta.math.stackexchange.com/questions/5020/mathjax-basic-tutorial-and-quick-reference).
She did join, @Louis. Or, rather, war came to Lórien too, as it did to Erebor and many other places. Furthermore, she hosted and gave respite to the Ringbearer, which is not nothing.
You do know what Borking means, right?
I see you have "73 (73)" for John Hurt, but he was clearly a lot younger when Paul McGann regenerated into him. Not a day over 39.
I was typing up my answer in a work meeting so it took a few minutes for me to format it. This was definitely a case of two people submitting the same answer at the same time. When I started typing up my answer there were zero responses.
It actually is much more complicated than "10."  You could technically turn your fingers upside down and now have a completely new biometrics scan.  Finger on side?  45*?  As you mentioned there is user error, but with Computer Vision you can know how off it is, and if it's above a certain degree, i.e., 15*, then it's not the "same print," if that make sense.  There are also toes if you want to do that, and I have heard people using all sorts of weird body parts for scans.
I believe in that world I'd say "I'm Negan," wander a while and then try to kill him. But definitely not after he caught a bullet with a bat, after that I'd probably decide not to mess with him.
Define democracy. The majority rules, but are "representatives" OK to the very notion of democracy? If so, are the types operating today - legislators, governors etc OK? Also, should we include full transparency of such a state in its definition?
Why is $C_V$ used in adiabatic work by an ideal gas?
Great! Please also mark my answer as the correct answer, there is an option for that. Thanks.
Can't upload payload to my apache2 server. Pentesting exercise
Did John Glenn really ask for that?
The affair Season 3 Episode 10 Noah half - French translation
E@user568458 Unfortunately, my impression of him on the show was similar to the second, less masculine Daario (i.e. bland as opposed to the hyper-masculine dandy in the books.) Euron is incredibly spooky, dark and cruel, possessed of strange magic and relics. His portrayal on the show as is fairly bewildering.
Could a President withdraw nominated Supreme Court judge before confirmation by the senate?
dmckee, I think you should post your comment as an answer so I can mark it accordingly. What you mentioned makes sense.
How much of the recent jobs growth is Donald Trump responsible for?
In the RotS scene where Obi-Wan and Anakin are stupid enough to walk backwards into the elevator, the droids could have just shot them.
Turkish military presence in other countries soil
Avoided Crossing in QM
Lost SF Short Story. Flying craft, gaining its lift from by hundreds of vertical screws
I am unable to get rid of extra charecters with comments in SQL injection payload
Why don't cities plant more fruit trees?
Help identify a collection of short stories
RoryMcCune If you use fail2ban, or some other thing to rate-limit based on IP rather than rate-limit based on requested user name then doesn't it amount to the same thing?
@Bebs That's possible too.
Why is imposing vaccination / immunization so hard to achieve?
Few Questions About Tor Hidden Services
It cannot be migrated with an open bounty, but yes, that would have made sense
@cde should you want to defend your downvote, here http://meta.movies.stackexchange.com/questions/2666/are-spoilers-a-reason-to-get-downvotes
If a US President-Elect dies prior to Noon on January 20, who assumes the Office of President?
So, this is a picture from the actual show?... Er, didn't it say on the page where it was from?
Looking for a movie where there is a Powerful Board Game played by two brothers?
my concern is about securing the content of the output of the api.. request to read the question and the details again
Please keep it classy
I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because it is better suited for worldbuilding.se
is it because,. As viscosity is zero no viscous force will be there. And viscous force is the reason for pressure drop in tube.
@YashasSamaga If we take into account buoyancy, 1kg of steam does exert less force on a scale than 1kg of liquid water. The weight of the box is irrelevant.
Who is driving Thomas Jane's hair and wardrobe on the Expanse?
I'm afraid this is a deliberate stylistic choice.  Also seen in Collide (2016) and others.  Hopefully it's one that will go away.
What is the momentum between a light and heavy object in motion when the force applied is equal?
Can the vice president be fired?
@phoog Parliament can do anything it likes. It is sometimes said, by way of emphasis that "it can make women men, and men women, if it wants". The only thing it can't do is to pass legislation which binds successor parliament in any way.
In Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, why did Johnny Cage get killed so quickly?
What are the state-of-the art techniques for crowd size estimations?
"Large" gauge transformation doesn't act as do-nothing transformation in QFT: looking for classical analog
Why didn't the Beast kill Julia?
How to derive the equation of motion of Born-Infeld?
What are the advantages of the French two-round voting system against a one round alternative?
Asymmetry definitions electric $\chi_e$ and magnetic susceptibility $\chi_m$
'I'm also not convinced that Donald Trump has a "small government ethos"." - +10 just for that comment. Might be worth a separate question to detail...
How many people are the three billion watching Zaphod Beeblebrox?
Does the "mole" like device access Isabella's facial expressions in Her (2013)?
I think that at begining they were 4–5. And in that maze was one guy (killer). At the end of the movie left only a girl and guy with glasses. That killer kiddnaps that girl, cuffs her on the table and he tries to kill. That guy with glasses saves her and they finds way out.
How did Mon-El know English?
Isn't the network called Movies & TV? (It clearly is TV, isn't it? And why would there be an "academy-award" tag, if it's off topic?
Who legislates military law?
What was the tallest structure built in Middle-earth?
There you go, answered in the OP.
@Demi : I was saying that because I was needing python.
I used it in NL for 8 years or so and never had any problems ...
@Gordon Not all, for example gluons and photons don't interact with the Higgs.
An old TV show with a man driving around in his cadillac solving problems
Not sure about this answer. For me the chapter 21 quote included herein conflicts with the "probably using a Demiguise" supposition (which is bolded at the top). “Ah, but the Third Hallow is a true Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is not...woven from Demiguise hair". I think your second last paragraph gets to the real crux of the matter.
SSO against many identity providers
during ssh handshaking server introduce itself - does it improve security to change self presentation?
Are there other Mjölnirs?
In order to calculate anything, more input data is required; such as: "From where do you hit the ball and at what angle? Do you want to take into account effects due to the spin of the ball? Should friction be included?" Generally (if you don't put any restrictions on how you can hit it) there is no reason that you could not make the ball return (unless  you'd have to hit it so hard that the ball breaks (which I doubt would be the case).
Why did Clinton wear in all red for an Award?
Anime series that involves a "battle" between two fast food chains in Japan?
Would the downvoter care to comment?
IIRC to become an Israeli citizen and get the right to vote in national elections, one much declare to support its Jewish character, which means the democratic opinion of people who do not support its Jewish character cannot be represented in parliament.
Is Trump tweeting himself on realDonaldTrump?
Intercepting Bluetooth LE communication with an app on the same mobile device
@DonatelloSwansino That's good information. You should add it as an answer
Tango  - In the section about the fictional enterprise and the fictional workings of the Star Trek universe there is a section of biographies of the Star Trek characters, including Kirk.  My copy of the Making of Star Trek 1968 edition is packed away and unreachable as is any copy of the writers guide I may own.
What encryption type does Windows Hello use for fingerprint information on Windows 10 latest build?
Despite never having seen the movie, im guessing its because they were the four main characters and deserved to be apart from the secondary characters
@sammygerbil Would you please give it another look? I rewrote the last paragraph.
Are the Martians saying "Ut" or "Ack"?
Is it possible to be expelled or barred from the major US parties? How?
I actually think that " Did the Democrats suffer consequences for invoking it?" is a better question than the one asked. I think if you ask that.  Then after it gets answered youcould ask each one of your other questions assuming you still dont understand how it works.
In the article linked by Lelouch in his answer below, there is a key point "The result applies to isolated mechanical systems subject to some constraints, e.g., all particles must be bound to a finite volume". We do not know if the Universe complies to such an assumption.
How much official communication was there between the Senate and the Jedi Council?
What old teen movie is this?
Black Swan is nowhere near being a horror movie. Some psycho elements - yes.
I recall the same twist after watching The Dark Knight, so at the very least it's not *just* you =P.  Unfortunately I can't find any evidence in the online scripts right now to back it up, but I do believe you are correct.  I don't know of any similarities to the comics though, so I got this purely from the movie.
Could it be possible to hijack physical finger prints in digital form and use them to gain access to other devices and locations?
Are we currently seeing another ideological realignment happening in today's unstable political climate?
Are the Legality of Votes Cast by Non-Citizens Checked After They Have Been Cast?
Is it safe to share your `gitconfig`'s `user.signingkey` value with the world?
I Periodically shave my head. I can confirm it does hold fuzzy hats well. Actually, keeping your head completely smooth is a lot of work, you have to shave with a real razor (not an electric one) daily.
Do the Western countries sell arms or military equipment to China or vice versa?
Good idea, especially for someone who needs this routinely for professional reasons it might be worth buying cheap hardware. I'd like to add two things: 1) "disable wifi physically" is often nigh impossible. I'd suggest to use a cable, so you never need to connect to a wifi network (then the device never contains its password), or perhaps even remove the wifi chip (often fairly easy). And 2) I'd overwrite the stick or sd card after use, not terminate processes or reboot.
Does using Oauth behind firewall/closed ports requires proxy
Cisco Dynamic ARP Inspection - Error Disable Interface
How can a country (UN or non-UN member) become a member of World Bank?
Javier.. So the net force remains but now involves my hands as well. That makes sense!oo
What building in the final scene of Assassins Creed? (spoiler)
Probably its the second time coming back from the dead, not just being in the world.
Why does Eldon admit that Rachel is an Android after the final question
@CandiedOrange I see a difference here. While exploding bombs or freezing molecules always follow certain chemical and physical laws, human history has witnessed events where perceived equilibrium are broken time after time. Just look at our population and think about what the equilibrium would have been if we were still living in wood and stone age. Or better yet, see how Malthusianism checks out.
Difference between "C-violation without CP-violation" and "C-violation with CP -violation"
Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/52466/discussion-on-question-by-ankit-why-is-christian-bale-not-in-the-upcoming-movie).
Have permanent US residents ever before been subjected to restrictions based on their origin country?
short story about seeding a planet with humans
Could Senate Democrats do anything to block Donald Trump's nominations?
What is the difference between Quasi static and Dynamic simulation?
@nzksharyia not necessarily, a recording could have been supplied by a Russian actor. Do not forget Flynn's stance on Iran
How does one leave a pensieve?
Many actors or actresses with aversion to showing skin wouldn't approve of body doubles. The general public will still think they did it themselves.
@XiongChiamiov While I can not formally prove it, I find it very hard to believe that feeding SHA1 with unpredictable input would produce predictable output.
What is the significance of the torn off button scene in The Next Three Days?
Higgs boson and electroweak gauge boson transformations under CP
Relative world carbon footprints by nation?
After seeing this [article] (https://arxiv.org/abs/0704.3116), I am convinced of the method you give in your answer. However, I haven't still been able to derive the VEV shown in the question. Could you give details? Also, I'm not sure why the vacuum ket $\vert 0\rangle$ maps to 1 and why $\vert n\rangle$ maps to $\sqrt{n!}\xi^n$.
What is the difference between Yautja and Super Yautja in Predators?
@SteveMelnikoff - on a bumper sticker level, it's a splinter faction of a right-spectrum major party (which nevertheless has some cross-party appeal), populist/anti-elites and somewhat single-issue and heavily rural based as far as court/country divide.
What Star Trek TOS characters have been confirmed to be appearing in Discovery?
There's nothing in law that says a politician can't switch parties, but the few times it's happened in history, the politician has been blacklisted by their previous party, and then not exactly welcomed by the new party because they are a turncoat, and could do it again. It is akin to political suicide.
Nopes, full story was presented in parts, I think 3 parts.
magnetic potential vs. solid angle
Why is it necessary to minimize redundancy in the ciphertext of a stream cipher?
Identify this post apocalyptic movie with rival cannibal car gangs
Are Hogwarts students allowed to go to other houses?
You can add torsion if you want
I think $\delta \omega$ cannot move freely to the right. It's a clifford algebra vulued in this case.
Is there anything that functionally prevents a US President from switching parties?
The op is asking about EM. It is often stated that RF (radio frequencies) can be sent through the wormhole, and is what the SG teams used for data transfer—not atomic information encoded in a physical object as this answer suggests. Atlantis did not toss back a physical hard drive through the wormhole, for example.
ID movie: Highschool boy is bullied into a coma
Oh my god, I didn't know the differential was a thing... That helps so much, thanks! .And @Fedxa, if that's so, then I'm really confused. I just put a screenshot of the example where I'm getting that conclusion from.
Does Rogue One create a plot hole in Return of the Jedi re Hyperspace Radio?
There is an underlying assumption to this question that because a politician says he doesn't believe the accepted science, that he actually doesn't.  Please note how many politicians change their stances once they are out of office and are no longer under the onus to raise money and assistance from specific business groups.
Books are never peer reviewed.  I can add some journal references, but they will almost definitely be behind a paywall.  I would call it nonpartisan in the sense that isn't an attempt to support any party or candidates, but any analysis of parties is going to vindicate someone.
@itpastorn yes, but I think you can also take the ones that are described as evidence that there generally *are* holidays, probably many different ones in many different communities, and we just don't get to hear about them.
@Wildcard if hope you've done the over 8 years it's required in most of the western world's universities to complete a psycology or psychiatry Bsc + MsC + MIR/PIR Degree for your facts, rather than a internet blog.
Schroeder's Minkowski Space Integral - Concerns about Wick Rotations
@Gallifreyan, good question.
Similar to http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/4369/why-is-https-not-the-default-protocol also compare http://webmasters.stackexchange.com/questions/1823/https-for-entire-site vs http://webmasters.stackexchange.com/questions/3148/does-ssl-really-matter-for-most-websites
@Krumia: Precisely. This answer is flatly wrong. Resolution power of an optical detector (eyeball or otherwise) has nothing to do with the intensity of incident photons (of a given frequency) that is needed for it to detect a difference from no light.
Short story published in Asimov's in the 90's
Alternatives to bruteforce KeePass Cracker
@user6875880: according to http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/94848/how-much-protection-is-really-offered-by-tls-fallback-scsv Firefox should support it. But to try yourself you need to make TLS 1.2 to fail (maybe with a custom server) so that you can watch a downgrade to TLS 1.0 with tcpdump or wireshark.
Help me identify this Russian stop-motion animation
@Panda Thanks for tagging that question. My question's title was an homage to it. I just wasn't sure if I should\how to draw attention to it as well.
What is the location of Dr. Louise Banks's house?
Need some help understanding Peltier Plates
Your name suggests you may be Italian. If you can edit your question to include an Italian version, I will happily translate it if nobody else gets to it before I do. The current English version of the question is almost impossible to make sense of.
Jedi can't do that, because PHP is of the Dark Side.
@jpmc26 It is difficult to objectively say that the ability for the military to accomplish its current mission is diminished. We are only at the point where maintenance has been deferred, flight hours for training have been reduced, and underways for Naval ships have been closely controlled for fuel costs. The consequence of the Military being forced to choose operational tempo over maintenance has not yet been appreciably felt, but the bill can be seen on the horizon with a weather eye.
Gedankenexperiment in thermodynamics: what is wrong?
Why don't the other countries of Europe maintain massive military as Russia does?
Legitimation among the Noldor
@Lakebum Please mark this answer as the correct one.
This is a good answer, but it would be improved by emphasizing the administration’s reaction to the controversy—a swift apology would have meant a thiry-second story soon forgotten, with most people unwilling to assume antisemitism for what *could* (if we're being very generous) have been a mistake. But by owning it as intentional and refusing to apologize, they eliminated the possibility that they were being misunderstood, and indicated that it *was* intentionally antisemitic.
Japanese monster movie from late 70's early 80's
TV series where a boy moves to a weird town with an episode where an angel statue cries
Would love to see this improved with some of those cited references and an inclusion of those pictures
Reagan was more polarizing than Wikipedia might lead you to believe, they called him "teflon" for a reason. Also, for a large part of his second term it was pretty well accepted he had Alzheimers. SNL used to do bits about it. There was a funny one where he is portrayed in the standard way and then goes full-on capable when people leave the room, talking into two phones at once and speaking several languages. It killed because it was absurd.
Interpretation of Dynkin diagrams
Doctor Who - How did the season 6 finale work out? (Spoilers)
This answer describes the design intent for the difference (the ability to block encrypted searches). The other answers tested the functional difference. The design intent remains unchanged. It's a historical fact at this point.
So the density of steam will naturally be less.
If I registered to vote in the nov 2016 elections, will I also be registered to vote in proceeding special elections?
Is JSON web token further secured in OpenID, and how?
Why aren't the front of Oscar winner envelopes marked with the award they're for?
Bernoulli's principle: Why an increase in the section area in a hose makes the pressure increase?
Might want to note that this Wookipedia excerpt seems to be sourced from a Legends book that had continuity problems to begin with. Not sure what proper Canon sources are for "detect location of hidden creatures".
That's the problem with photon , you can't visualize it in an easy way, I think of it as a small localized chunk of wave, so when you say frequency of photon that just means the frequency of that wave chunk, which is same as the frequency of light.
Did George Smiley's wife Ann already know that Bill Haydon was a mole?
@John - It's not American Gods, I know that book.
How can the European Union enforce the General Data Protection Regulation?
_"a real owl that had a little prior training so it wouldn't be scared away by the gunfire"_ _"He had heard a lot of gunfire in the previous weeks so that he wouldn’t get frightened by it."_ _"The owl's reaction to Vinny shooting the gun was authentic"_ Was the reaction authentic or not? These quotes are contradictory.
Apparently Wikipedia claims that insulators and semiconductors lack Fermi surfaces. Quoting Wikipedia: "A material whose Fermi level falls in a gap between bands is an insulator or semiconductor depending on the size of the bandgap. When a material's Fermi level falls in a bandgap, there is no Fermi surface."
Some whatabout is tu quoque fallacy. Some whatabout is a reasonable challenge to fairness. This post assumes all the former. Pretty much everyone across the political spectrum believes in some form of "whataboutism".
I can't see any faces.
Why were the Klingons no longer members of the Federation?
See, that's part of the problem ... it doesn't defend against these attacks.  In the case of a disgruntled employee ... it would require them to change 1 line of code ... and the whole system is void the next time you log in ... and in terms of eve being able to monitor the connection but not change anything ... that isnt prevented by there "added security" ... its prevented by SSL/TLS.
Who are the people standing around in Trump's office, and how much are they paid?
The 22nd Amendment is, by definition, not a law.
I have, a few hours ago, it only ollected 2 neg votes so far
What is the connection between the Foucault pendulum and parallel transport?
I just watched John Wick again and noticed this question. In my opinion this should be the accepted answer. Marcus would never miss a shot like that and just shot the pillow to make John aware of the intruder.
it would be very difficult for me to back up that claim because i never made it. all i said is that one should be prepared to evaluate reports / claims from all sources, including those from the ngos. maybe re-reading what I wrote would be helpful.
Frequency of photon and frequency of EM wave
Potential HTTP Host header attack from malicious IP, what does it mean in practical terms for me? Should I be concerned?
Was this a typo from the table maker, or are other criteria taken into account when calculating the overall score? He's also coincidentally the very first example on the page about [geniuses](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Genius_Intelligence).
Greens function application Abrikosov - QFT in Statistial Physics
did the 5 steps in the link not work for you?
Why did humanity need to work together to get the Aliens' gift if Louise had it already?
@SQB I meant to say it's NP hard if we solve the general problem: a sequence of n numbers and a number M that some subsets of the numbers will meet or exceed. However, I believe I may've found a recursive approach that takes only linear time... maybe.
Who’s the villain in the Powerless trailer?
Why didn't someone make Lily and James Potter portraits like the dead Hogwarts Headmasters?
How long untill Quidditch is played properly?
Being insulting and rude, because your tribe demonizes politicians whose beliefs differ with yours is not "the truth". You can have a civil discussion without being strictly PC. When you use pejoratives like that, it diminishes the effectiveness of your argument for anyone who isn't already inclined to agree with it.
What is the significance of buttocks?
I think this is a fair guess, but Disney has done things like this a lot and it seems like they pause much too long on this scene for it to be a coincidence.
Time is not an absolute, it is relative. So thinking of time passing faster or slower is meaningless unless you say compared to some other frame of reference.
Is it a cartoon or live action?
Can social media be regulated under the "public accomodations" clause of the Civil Rights Act?
@lowtech: MikeP's point here is that while you can still technically use the attack, it is not exploitable since you cannot target anything, but your article shows that depending on the hypervisor's settings there may be exception(s).
How did Michael Scott become regional manager?
This is a late comment, but Pablo Hidalgo and Matt Martin said that one of the chairs most likely belonged to Krennic. This was in an episode of The Star Wars Show.
Was this a general movie or more of a TV movie?
A majority must be more than half.  So if acting secretaries don't count, and there are only two confirmed heads, then *both* would have to consent.  But the amendment says "principal officers," which doesn't explicitly exclude acting heads, so acting heads probably *do* count.
Logging scarce outbound communication
Dove, there is a large amount of "low grade" heat, both in the sea and in areas such as deserts and even from highways. One big problem is that we would normally  expend far more energy gathering together all this free heat compared to the useful work it would do. So we concentrate on building dams say, as the rivers and lakes have done the collection work for us.
@jdoe the black kid iirc was X-23-24. It's just a sequential number.
Explain meaning of this quote in Black Hawk Down
@Anixx the point is that the Western monarchies that have been able to coexist with democratic regimes have done so by refraining from actual political activity (see Italy and Greece, and Spain Alphonse XIII for examples of what could be wrong when the monarch tries to do anything else than rubber-stamp whatever the democratic institutions decide).
your presumption, "the internet data path is continuous", is wrong, by the way. The internet works based on packets, and the fact that you can have a "stream" of data is just higher-level construction and interpretation of these packets
Nice work. I also decompiled the mov file, and it's again obsfurcated. From what I see, it attempts to call the VB6.0 compiler at `C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\VB98\\VB6.OLB` and compiles itself. It's also got a bunch of random strings like `unimmaculately` xD. I'm stepping out right now, but I'll definitely update with more information after I look at this a bit more. Also probably german because of the language in the strings.
The point Petra is making is; Harry seems to have all sorts of magic protections, so instead of using magic why not use a large pointy piece of metal
unknown B-movie with treasure seekers, a curse and nerdy guy wielding umbrella
How many reactors does the Death Star have?
@davidbak How interesting!  I had not heard that about Gregory Peck/Audrey Hepburn before!
Have there been precedents of presidential campaigns communicating with foreign governments during the election campaign?
How does Score Runoff compare with plain Score voting?
How to dd image backup an encrypted SED disk Dell DDPE
@Farcher, yes , isothermal. Thanks
What were the goals of the woman's march during Trump's inauguration?
Are you really sure that this is a) a CA certificate usable to sign other certificates and b) installed in the system wide trust store and not in a trust store specific for the VPN appliation? Could you point to documentation for this?
@Avi: If the OP question is off-topic, [then why is this question on-topic](http://politics.stackexchange.com/q/15907/5971)? I will post this comment in meta if it's a better fit there. But I'm curious about your opinion.
Are Senators not allowed to criticize each other on the Senate floor?
What is 'post truth', and why do I hear it all the time?
What mechanisms exist to prevent democracy turning into ochlocracy or tyranny of the majority?
Can an SSH session be taken from memory?
Anonymity of ballots when voting with BYCRYPT hashes
The Princess of the Elves approved a plan to rescue the woodcutter's daughter from the Prince of the Elves? So there was a civil war among the Elves? Or was "Princess of the Elves" a typo for "Princess of the Fairies"?
Position of two blocks connected by a spring as a function of time
What is the physical analog of the projection in Holographic Universe hypothesis?
Mitmf ...[DNS] Could not proxy request: timed out
Does the actual traffic need to go over the NAT-penetrating relay? The timing and approximate sizes of the messages will leak information to the relay server. I was under the impression that usually with this sort of thing you can use the relay to establish a direct connection between two NAT-ed endpoints, but I could be wrong.
Is there a canon explanation for certain holodeck differences between Star Trek shows?
Why Caste based political parties talking about secularism in India
*Left Behind: The Next Generation?!*  ROFL!  This made my day
Mmmm, Roque one.   I wants me some Death Star-shaped blue cheese rounds.
Naval device appears in the Greco-Roman sea war scene in the 2016 Ben-Hur
That is really mind blowing. And if A was 5m away from the + side and C 5m away from the - side, both would light up at the same time (before B is lit) right?
Can another user on the same computer access my accounts if I tick "keep me signed in"?
This might be _[Excession](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excession)_ by Iain M. Banks, imperfectly remembered.
In what short (French?) film do items keep disappearing?
It is the root certificate that has it.  So that has answered my question.  Thanks!!!
Why was the prohibition of intoxicating liquor enacted through a constitutional amendment?
Were oranges an intentional use of symbolism by filmmakers?
@LiDong The older versions of OpenID use a primitive token made up of a hashed reference value. There aren't any claims within the token itself. The problem with doing it this way is that any identifying information isn't protected by the signature because its stored outside the token.
@ryanG your irony detector is on the fritz.
What is the relation between Kardar-Parisi-Zhang equation and Potts model in 3D?
Feynman diagram of electron- electron interaction and cool down of an electron gas
I believe this is on topic. This is a good question related to political economy, which is part of politics as well as economics.
Book about a spacefaring race of winged creatures with talons, read about 15 years ago
Other notable modern examples of rotoscoping: Richard Linklater's Waking Life https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk2DeTet98o (2001) and A Scanner Darkly (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkjDUERgCQw) (2006).
Has SCOTUS ever ruled explicitly based on "The Constitution is not a suicide pact" rationale?
@Panda not sure I understand what you are asking. The holdover position matches the outgoing president. Which would be expected, as they were appointed by the outgoing president. (I updated the answer to reflect that).
@JonCuster I agree, from a pragmatic point of view it's not the most useful of topics, but it's fascinating to ponder regardless. Thanks for the suggestion, I do intend to dive into this stuff quite firmly, as it's been on my mind for a while.
@Maurycy I agree that I am making an assumption here. Perhaps the safest thing would be for me to have quoted Forrest himself and describe it as being "not a smart man". Although, if you recall Mrs. Gump's conversation with the school principal, he stated that Forrest's IQ was too low for admission to public school.
why it doesn't make sense if you know the height of the wave you can answer it.
What do Xavier's seizures do?
Could Trump run as a Republican AND Democrat in 2020?
Why limit request variable name and value lengths
Just as a general tip, you might want to consider waiting a while for answers to trickle in before accepting one. While you *can* change the accepted answer later if a better one comes in, [marking an answer as accepted](/help/accepted-answer) does carry the implication that you're not really looking for any more answers, and may thus discourage other people from providing any.
@Philipp: true, but since you moved the core functionality into the *cloud* for security reasons you should at least add *cyber* too.
Thing about the English remake of The Ring is... it takes all the mystique of the Japanese original... & tosses it straight out the window. The original doesn't make you ask 'why?' just makes sure you never watch a home video ever again ;)
The US is a Constitutional Republic that uses democracy to select representatives.
Does transporting (beaming out) leave your troops vulnerable to enemy attacks?
What specifically did Michael Flynn do wrong?
If they had encryption, then the real question is how Sherlock could have "taken a cursory look" at the drive before confronting Mary.
Can prophecies be studied
What are Hamilton's equations with respect to a nonstandard symplectic form?
Is storing CVV in two parts separately a violation of PCI?
Without having more information, any answer would be entirely speculative and quite likely wrong.  There's just not enough detail here to offer an educated guess.
How can I respond to Whataboutism?
How do you qualify to become a "Blue Ghost"?
How to prevent multiple meterpreter sessions from same target?
Could Harry have used Voldemort's wand given they had the same cores?
Are there accommodations in the turbolifts for mute persons?
Story where portals grew on trees
Failed to verify PGP signature from ISO Archlinux
So, you're saying it was the same, not different, after being "updated"? Think about that for a second...
Why is India still using the penal codes drafted by the British for punishments?
While I like the 'Trump' part of the first, it's likely much fairer to say "fewer fringe candidates winning". IRV ultimately (in theory, at least) leads to a more centrist result as the 'less extreme option' tends to be shared by more people that the extreme options.
Not sure which party you think isn't committed to obstructionism.  But the Dems have just committed to a scorched earth campaign. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/democrats-trump-strategy-234206
*"Inspired by"* is **not** the same as *"Based on"*.
Sounds like JKR's knowledge of genetics is rivaled only by her mathematical prowess.
@mattdm I only saw the return-path and id use the mentioned domain . The mesasge-id is only an index.  You can try emulate the fake sender email sending using telnet to see whether it works or not.
Auto execute meterpreter commands on session start
Note to anyone else seeing this: Please see question with bounty at http://serverfault.com/questions/822529/why-is-my-vsftp-server-not-serving-up-ftps-on-990
@jmac That is a very good point well made. Far too often people perceive executives as good for nothing morons that don't understand anything. As a general rule anyone who has made it to the position of an executive must have some experience and results to show. While how much money a person makes is not a perfect measure of general competence it's a fairly decent indicator.At the very least they must have been competent at getting the job of an executive which is more then most of us can say.
I very honestly am not bothered by your downvote.
Yep - I saw the hospital scene, but must have skipped the one where they were checking out/evacuated the wife & son. I was also wondering why the fields were on fire, but assumed it was just another blight burn as seen earlier in the film. Thanks!
What is the purpose of slowing down the calculation of a password hash?
Statistical Physics of Hair Knots?
Are there an infinite number of "warped planes" of gravity between two points or are there just two "warped planes" of gravity?
Moving mass in two dimensions holded by 4 springs
Thanks, this was a great answer.
@JDoe if it were purely Americans criticising the ban, that'd be plausible, but people from countries other than the US and the countries listed are also criticising the ban, such as Germany's Angela Merkel.
But the deal was only made between Calypso and Davy Jones. Why is Will Turner bound to it?
Can congress be sued?
No, he only meet with retired old Bruce Wayne.
Can you track an IP Address's use in the Internet/where else it was used?
why is electric force related to mass?
On company intranet yet web server picked up URL scanning-type requests?
I just ran the numbers myself based on current distributions between states, and my answer falls squarely in the middle of your range.  Yay math!
Hello Request TLS Handshake Message in Session ID based Session Resumption
is dipole approximation is valid if we add spin to shrodinger equation for HHG process?
Basic Concepts on Blocks and spring
As @Jim said energy is conserved in a closed (isolated) system. Please be more specific with "stop it from transferring to object 2? If not that, how can you reduce the energy loss from object 1?"
70s/80s movie - 2/3 large monsters terrorise Asian population
Trying to find an old movie with portals and a forest
Thanks for the quick answer. Yes, the protests have "good" media coverage (politically controlled media has another version of what is going on). I also believe that protests alone cannot change much and I wanted to know, considering current context, other mechanism can be used. I have also edited the question.
When Earth disappeared in S2E5 of Rick & Morty, what would happen to the astronauts?
What happened in "humanity's last stand" at the end of Resident Evil retribution?
It may be good to specify that you speak about OAuth 2.0, because OAuth 1.0a provides both authentication and authorization.
What is the most secure way of decrypting a GPG message within a non ad-hoc OS?
Looking at that, it's not really a duplicate - the link talks about what happens once the child is known to have a high midichlorian count (which response in itself would make people more, not less, aware of the Jedi). Even if the testing was done without telling the parents, who is doing it? 100k Jedi themselves wouldn't have the manpower; I can't see a solution that wouldn't involve large numbers of people.
Existing microwave trapped ion quantum computer?
ECDH vs DH secret key size
What kind of damage can a website with malicious javascript do?
Hashing Password on Client Side to avoid lag on single-core game server?
Temperature effect on metal implant
Why aren't police obliged to keep the information about terrorists secret?
How do Voting Machines work?
You can visit the site at 10e15.com
cryptsetup luksHeaderBackup file smaller than Payload Offset?
Was New Republic Supreme Chancellor Villecham a nod to Neville Chamberlain?
How many passwords are possible?
This is Bell's spaceship paradox. During acceleration spaceships C and D will  recede from A and B respectively and when they shut engines off they will be further from each other than before acceleration. Also, clocks C and D will be out of sync with clocks A and B. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/304783366_Bell's_Spaceship_Paradox_in_Special_Relativity_and_Lorentz_Ether_Theory
Why are there no more Denobulans?
@Fadecomic - There's no need to preface a comment with "Valorum is correct".
How one could determine the ground state of a fermion field using path integral?
How did the members of the Justice League think the watch tower cannon would be beneficial?
Something in [here](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/pl.cgi?235773) perhaps?
Can a TV station refuse a politically oriented advertisement which does not comply with its editorial line?
Chinese firearms (eg. Norinco) are inexpensive and well-made. They are prohibited from import to the US but are sold in many other countries. Mexico has apparently bought their 105mm howitzers.
A movie with two people running from a house to a boat; monster reaches one of them
Nonlinear time transformation and Newton's law
@ToddWilcox I *did* read them.  I just felt like it was a grind.
@DavidHammen That is interesting but also terrible that they teach this then. Is there a more general form for the kinetic friction formula then? Do know of any readings about this?
Plan B: split the question in two, and let this one be the footprint Q.
Are there countries with upper age limits for voters or candidates?
Interesting, seeing as a lot of the other beasts had names.
*Millennia* seems to be the important word there. So a ***longer** time ago, in a galaxy far, far away*.
from [scifi.se] we have [Did Peter Jackson ever explain why he left out the Scouring of the Shire?](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/11737)
You've pretty much answered your own question there
2000s tv childrens animated show - young girls with name like gemstones
Why did Voldemort kill Lily Potter instead of stunning her?
So what you are saying (in condensed form) is that I'd be better off using a garden variety bcrypt implementation?
Why are bialys so popular with Tony and crew in The Sopranos?
Was John Bender actually the hero in The Breakfast Club?
The exact formula for $T$ can be found [here](http://www2.ph.ed.ac.uk/~egardi/MfP3-Dynamics/Dynamics_lecture_8.pdf), equation 147.
How is it possible to bypass single-site restriction set by ISP?
Breaking of diffeomorphism invariance after fixing a background metric
How much of the Death Star did the stolen plan cover?
Yes.  Timothy Zahn's "Music Hath Charms" Analog April 1985.   https://books.google.com/books?id=QQ3JCQAAQBAJ&pg=PT157&lpg=PT157&dq=Timothy+Zahn+%22Music+Hath+Charms%22&source=bl&ots=3FiIDqLa9S&sig=kovD9IGMfDBCQiFNeYqwUf2m03k&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiS5uXEw_nRAhVC5SYKHcMLDmIQ6AEIKDAC#v=onepage&q=Timothy%20Zahn%20%22Music%20Hath%20Charms%22&f=false
Just don't do it. IoT locks are a bad idea https://media.ccc.de/v/33c3-8019-lockpicking_in_the_iot
Yes. But what do you mean by configuring? It's just a matter of unchecking a checkbox called "Enable network adapter" in VirtualBox, right? The host won't have Apache installed or any other web server, only the VM will but since it will have network adapter disabled I assume there will be no way that any other computer connects to it, it should only be possible to access this server from that VM. The fact that the host OS will be connected to a VPN won't matter, right? Will that be secure?
Regarding your last paragraph, does storing the uploaded images outside the web root reduce the possibility of this happening?
What lightweight sandboxing options do I have on linux?
Sorry, I'm confused as to what you mean - in those situations, what are the known parameters? Why are you trying to find out the velocity of the beams?
What evidence do you have that the torpedo entering the shaft from 1976/77 is a digital effect??
This might be of some use: https://www.psi.ch/cmt/TEACHINGBoard/SPRING10-lecture13.pdf
Teleporting door Short story
It might be worth finding his youtube channel for his creative writing classes, he teaches at an American university and goes through his magic system. It's a great listen!
@ibid Yes, and given that there's a possibility that there were 100s of words changed, we could have 100 answers which say "Yes, word 'X' was changed" or "Yes, word 'Y' was changed"..., etc - all being equally correct.
What Did Steve Rogers Notice at the End of Captain America #6
How can the behavior of the aliens be explained?
Relation between bosonization and conformal field theory
Neo-neo-neo liberalism revival?
Defeating audio spyware with low-tech
Ex: looking at c:\windows\temp\wait.vbs, how would I know if its malicious or not? Thanks for all your help!
...and vehicle purchasing continues in earnest so the congestion will return...
How bad it would be? If hackers managed to take down all 13 Root DNS servers at the same time?
i mean how this attack work exactly, yes i read an abstract information and some information, i want to know how this attack work @MiaoHatola
Do you only have access to a deployed war/webapp or do you have access to the JMX console?
Could Voldemort have ended the protection from Harry’s mother by killing the Dursleys?
Regarding critics towards the New Deal
Blight Thrives on NITROGEN. Atmosphere is 90% Nitrogen.We don't even breathe it. Blight does. etc. etc.
How do CAs generate public keys without the private keys?
Vierbeins in Schwarzschild
CBS Storybreak stories
Hermione and Severus fan fiction help
1980s movie with chemicals placed in toothpaste make man explode
Yes, that's a cultural problem. Tools of the State can't be expected to teach dissenting viewpoints, so I don't think they accumulate blame. The problem lay in the culture, parents and non-state social programs shirking their responsibility to teach. Thus the tree of liberty periodically needs blood watering.
That's rubbish. You could randomly generate card numbers, but that doesn't mean you know which are actual, issued, numbers, let alone which is mine.
I feel like I've read this story too, but I don't remember there being a dome involved.  I can't remember where I would have read it.
Casting return from ClassUtil.newInstance
Derivation for kinetic energy flux
Trying to find the name of a story about humanity having the power to collapse quantum states in their favour
How would putting a bucket of water on freshly grouted tiles prevent the grout from freezing overnight?
Scarface Tony Montana quote meaning
It might not really be an attack; it might be the 7u21 jusched used (possibly as a fallback?) an IP address that was assigned to Sun in 2013 but has since been reassigned to someone else. You might let Wireshark (or netsh trace if you prefer) try to catch the affected traffic and see exactly where it is being sent and if that is the correct address.
Canteen? https://youtu.be/Sv5iEK-IEzw
Senate rules are set at a specific time, at the beginning of a session (beginning of the two-year term until the composition of the body changes), so they can't just change them on a whim.  They chose to ignore the rules (aka, "temporarily suspend"), actually.  A bit hardball, and not at all genteel, but that doesn't seem to be the biggest concern.
What would be the pros/cons of having weighted voting in the House of Representatives?
Why is the conduction band of Si not monotonic?
1 GeV Proton beam scattering
At the ISP level it clearly doesn't impact the rest of the net very much. Similarly, firewalls at some national boundaries come to mind. Perhaps what I'm asking is. does any nation own a big enough chunk of the infrastructure that people outside it can't work around their restrictions?
Why do some parties but not others have logos in the new Dutch ballot paper (stembiljet)?
The electron does not experience a "force", the Aharanov-Bohm effect is crucially *not a local force*. What reason do you have to believe that the distance to the solenoid matters at all? All that matters is that you close a loop around it to observe the effect.
Where did they say 3,000 years?
there's actually a scene where they talk about the digestion process, if I remember correctly.
Security considerations for managing internal network from an external website
I tried picturing the spring particles but it actually works the other way! When the pipe is wider the pressure increases and viceversa.[link](https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-f1ff0df3da4b2c69104776efe6468e74?convert_to_webp=true). If they were like springs on the wider part they should have more room so less pressure as they can relax their pressure.
Rise of Domestic Terror Groups in the US
@RichS - Which is fine, but in the book (and the film) they liased with a small number of friendly governmental establishments rather than simply announcing to the world that this signal was being broadcast and the main character accepts (repeatedly) that it could be a hoax, just that she thinks it wasn't.
Chromatic aberration in white light
Does water boil when going through a tap (valve)?
They spin the light clockwise and counter-clockwise to make Internet faster, actually trying to. Maybe this is abut that
Why would a government sell off student loans?
Why do the visitors lick the seer's hand in Vikings?
And what's wrong with filmmakers having a choice?
What is the significance of holding a vote before UK Parliament to invoke Article 50 in comparison to Royal Prerogative?
Can you compare Google Pixel and BlackBerry KeyOne? - - Which is more secure?
Why floor test conducted even after the Oath?
At the least there surely must be a Morality Clause for officers. I can think of two real-world scandals (one with DEA agents and one with Secret Service) where people got in trouble for soliciting legal prostitution. As for jurisdiction, in the real world, US companies that break certain US laws but only in foreign countries can be held accountable for such by US authorities.
Software updates APIs authentication
protected code execution
I don't think _any_ of the prisoners is shown to share a cell.
I think the major issue is that Lenin wasn't pro-democracy from what I recall.
"my address has not been compromised" - no, that your account details have not been published gives you no information at all relevant to the question of whether your account has been compromised.
@ZoeyBoles Yes, it was a very dumb move to disarm (though it made sense in order to create a plot/threat for Episode VII). But [history repeats itself](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/a/116275/31936).
@matt_black - question edited
only the owner of the connection is anonymous - once you log into Facebook, though....
Why is recent international (Europe, N-America, …) Islamist terrorism exclusively perpetrated by Sunnis?
Calculating angular acceleration when moment of inertia tensor is singular
In some way Finland perhaps.
What is the maximum pressure that a basketball can hold?
What does the Captain refer to when he says "Something has been added"?
That is literally the most-upvoted question on Sec.SE.
It does seem to support the DESFire EV1. How do you evaluate the security of that?
@Gallifreian: Agreed. Downvote retracted, thanks for the edits.
I'm glad I could help. BTW, the Italian title was "The Mill with the 12 crows", which helped to set some dark expectations, but at least it did not give away too much like a title such as "The **Satanic** Mill".
@TheMathemagician How exactly do you infer the "Of course he can" part? That sounds quite sure.
“I was expecting him to contact General Zod for personal benefits.” You thought Luthor and Zod would be friends with benefits? You may have been reading too much fan fiction.
Is Beric Dondarrion a Targaryen?
I think the question is more complicated than this. Unfortunately, due to the speeds involved, we're going to need to introduce relativistic frames. If we use your numbers, then because of the way relativistic velocities add, he would see the ship accelerating at 1.171km/h/s away from him. Outside for two minutes, he would see a drift of 2362 metres, well enough to take him away from the ship.
At least in Cuaron's adaptation, it is implied that Buckbeak was always saved, when the trio leaves Hagrid's house right before Scabbers escapes.
Send a heartbeat to the server to determine a healthy connection. You can TLS this connection, if you wish. Terminate as soon as you get the connection health data you need (probably just from the handshake?). Then select the connection type you prefer (if healthy, then use ethernet). Then establish a secure connection to the server (again, TLS) to transmit data.
Use of capital letters in credits
You can see it clearly in the limo scene from Working Girl with Melanie Griffith.
Was Caliban helping with mutant capture?
Martial arts movie from 70s or 80s - Series of hero / protagonist characters
It happens *all the time* in the US--mainly because we only have two parties.
The role of the Keystone pipeline in America's energy independence and relation to OPEC
How did Kirk and Chekov survive the fall from the Enterprise bridge (ST Beyond)
Questions related to photons spin
Why does the Obscurus not appear in the textbook?
How does distance affect the intensity of a specular reflection?
@Skooba,,did it.. please have a look.:)
Movie about a girl who had another different life when she dreamed
What's the name of this old hallmarks channel movie?
Relationship between Stefan-Boltzmann Law and Radiance
Was Jar Jar ever unbanished?
ssh-keygen won't print '=' symbol in sha256 of pubkey, but python will
@SJuan76 The executive order as quoted states that it is to be done in accordance with already passed federal law. I identified the law that is being referenced.
What underlies super-selection rule in quantum field theory?
The Star Trek one was definitely a cat. I don't recognise the episode specifically, but that would put it between 66 & 69, long before Alien or Amityville. Alien is also older than Amityville, though by just a couple of months.
Difference between nationalism and patriotism
Comments deleted. A discussion whether or not the border fortification is *useful* is not relevant to this question. The question is just about what it would cost to do it.
@Skooba Thanks! But from [this article](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/01/24/executive-order-vs-presidential-memorandum-whats-difference/96979014/), it states that it holds the highest precedence
It's not the "largest democratic country", but the "largest democracy", in terms of the size of the electorate. 863,500,000 people are eligible to vote for the Indian Federal House of Representatives (the Lok Sabha), larger than the EU and US elections combined (ref: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elections_in_India). Chinese elections are run on a local basis (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elections_in_China).
A compromised host file can point the localhost requests anywhere. SSL could help mitigate this risk.
How to get a SSL Certificate for a public IP
However currently I'm only going to program the second order effect of the prisms.
@JoeBlow - It's the only way I know how :-)
I have been a victim of a new ransomware. The files are showing a .909a extension. Any help on how to decrypt my files
Boris, you should make this an answer, pointing out that in everyday language "equilibrium" = "static equilibrium" and else that it is impossible to not be in "dynamic equilibrium". Therefore, the distinction is unnecessary and "static" may be dropped
Being "registered" as Democratic/Republican/Independent vs being a party member
Did Prideaux kill all those agents?
Looking for English language movie about couple sealed in house by psych/sociopath
Why does Captain America's costume change in all the movies?
PS: Super sorry for the mega-long delay in answering this. Seems both tpg2114 & I forgot about it
beautiful! works like a charm! You were missing the `//` in the end, to invalidate the original closing tag `'` of the document.location.
@Arminius: No, I removed it from outside. But I don't see it inside Chrome either. It would be helpful if you could tell me whether you are able to reproduce this yourself.
Entanglement inequality (Gaussian vs. non-Gaussian states)
Don't forget,  Gandalf _isn't_ his name,  it's just what people call him.  We are likely supposed to imagine he's been back to Valinor where he came from and been given a new assignment. He just arrived back in Middle Earth and is still getting his bearings.
The variable mass system equation is essentially $F=\frac{d(mv)}{dt}$ but there is no F in your equation. Have you assumed it to be zero for some reason? .https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variable-mass_system
That was really great. Thanks a tonne.
@korockinout13 your is a perfectly valid answer imo, perhaps you want to write it as such and claim the glory? (I'd upvote)
@Mattcul You're wrong: Windows is and stay vulnerable because of lot of decision to make os *user friendly* and very slow upgrade processus because of commercial distribution scheme. Linux stay collaborative, security failures are generally closed in less than one day.
@sabbahillel, that would be an excellent new question.
You're assuming that John is coming back. Don't forget that there's a non-trivial chance that the Resistance operative will make contact with him first.
Are there Trump administration officials who are demonstrably more antagonistic to Russia?
Why did Yoda and Palpatine talk about Anakin?
@PoloHoleSet, re: your earlier comment about political alignment not = bias--that's literally true but maybe not much of a practical difference.  Bias is a human trait.  Individuals are biased more or less, but the distribution isn't tied to party.  If anything, it's related to distance from the center in either direction.
How did Master Jailer attack Supergirl in Episode 14?
@AdityaDev What do you mean by image charge? The charge induced will be a surface distribution of charge that integrated over the surface is equal to the +Q charge. If by image charge you mean that this induced charge should stay just in one point: no, this is wrong.
How could Hal fire his own boss in "Company Picnic"?
Assuming you receive the PDF files by email, how about getting/auto-forwarding it to a Gmail inbox. You can then view the PDF attachment within your browser without having actually download it
Without having the episodes handy for reference, my guesses: in the cab, the joke is that the car is so old and/or cheaply built that Bob expected the radio to be AM only. With Tina, the joke is not about the availability of FM but about the content. FM is dominated by recently-recorded popular music, and AM stations are more likely to play oldies and news and call-in advice programs. AM is boring (like Tina) and FM is cool (like Zeke).
What lightsaber training did Luke Skywalker receive?
Why the disparities in number of nominations?
Force-Couple System Problem
Possible duplicate: http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/5031/50583 and its linked questions.
Still not right.  It displaces the same mass, not a larger mass, that is my point.  How would an object exert enough force to displace more than it weighs?
I am not at leisure to dig into it enough to provide a good answer, but on reading your question, I would share your concerns. It sounds like they intend for you to keep a public key private, which in the content of authentication would make me a bit wary about other aspects of their solution
Hi and welcome to the Physics SE! Please note that this is not a homework help site. Please see [this Meta post on asking homework questions](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/questions/714/how-do-i-ask-homework-questions-on-physics-stack-exchange) and [this Meta post for "check my work" problems](http://meta.physics.stackexchange.com/questions/6093/should-any-check-my-work-questions-be-made-on-topic).
Probably. That's what SSF:SE is there for. :P
I am asked to answer the question by using ABAC POLICY RULES..
Why Aren't Credit Card PINs Required For Online Transactions
(not an answer) In general, treaties are based on go good faith on both part.
Of course you can train-copy any files, but how the result is interpreted is a matter of that files are there and what interprets them so that's not at all 'all'.
By how much does virtualizing a perimeter firewall reduce network security?
Can President Trump’s Immigration Order be reverted?
Welcome to the community. Any other plot details? If you know, please also describe when you saw it, and please confirm the language was English. I hope you enjoy this place as much as I have.
What would be the translation of "non-elf" in Elvish?
Masses are then expressed in units of 1000 sun mass. I.e. $M = 1$ means $M = 1000$ sun mass, and $m_i=1/N$ means $m_i = (1/N) 1000$ sun mass. Just put the sum mass in $kg$ in the formula for $m_i$ and $m_i$ is in $kg$. The real diameter is set by the physical situation you are considering, e.g. the diameter of some galaxy.
I think "sequel"="serial" which probably refers to the B&W TV series circa 1965. (Or was it my TV that was B&W? :) )
Is it secure to store confidential data on basic HTTPS AUTH?
See also the later duplicate http://literature.stackexchange.com/q/128/139 "What prevented Hermione from killing Voldemort in 'The Prisoner of Azkaban'?"
Why do bound states increase cross sections?
How did the two dragons get unchained?
Delayed choice quantum eraser: does ignoring D3 and D4 generate an interference pattern?
Thank you for the edit! I was actually looking around getting a logging from firewalld since it's installed by default and we already have it configured. But apparently firewalld uses iptables under the hood like you said. So your solution is actually logging firewalld (which is what we want). Just one question, is there any way to show if the packet was dropped or passed through? As we want to log both.
Charged particle in uniform electro-magnetic field - what is $\omega$?
What was the Bush administration's public explanation on Iraq invasion when they failed to find Iraq's WMDs?
Bullet in hamburger meat
What is the meaning of the movie title "The Way Way Back"?
A good indicator could be some sort of metric like this: "Per severity level, percentage of CVEs resolved/closed within 30 or 60 days of opening". But then again, this could cause vendors to purposefully skew the CVE data and report their own CVEs only when a solution has been found so that the CVE can be closed soon after.
I came here hoping for a Vulcan nip-slip. Disappointed!
Would [scicomp.se] be a better home for this question?
not of all the additional footage, no... but much of the extra footage was so innocuous (like more Clark doing stuff, etc) that I couldn't imagine it having an impact on the rating
Pacifying the Protesters
Maybe ["With Friends Like These"](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?51412) by Alan Dean Foster? This story has come up in previous questions on this site.
What are the international and country-based court decisions that make Northern Cyprus legal, and what are the reasoning behind them?
@Catija Jarmusch wrote and directed the film, and as seen from the page linked in the answer, many of the subjects of the photos are connected to Jarmusch in some other way as well. Since he selected the people to show on the "wall of heroes", isn't this question implicitly about him?
Did Captain Needa die in The Empire Strikes Back?
2) important point for plot. 3) important point to wink at audience and open the question: are you dreaming?
@ACuriousMind log series still has even powers of $F$ which are symmetric   terms and infinite of them, which eventually have to be exponentiated.  I can't figure out how it turns out be the simple expression.
I wondered this as well. My theory was that it was going to turn out he was killing people based on their length of service, but I was wrong and it went nowhere.
Given that I never heard of the Fourth Party you mentioned, you are probably getting a colloquial third and fourth messed up with a more technical version. In the first article, for example, the third party might be the Libertarians while the fourth might be the Green.
@SJuan76 AI's Facebook account posted several comments, not just one comment, justifying why AI was not opposing travel bans against Israelis. Would you like me to include all of them?
Where is C-3P0 during the events of aftermath?
@CraigHicks - You might see my foot note. He uses the Greek word 'politeia'. We call it "The Republic", largely following from Cicero's latin translation. I know of a great discussion on this, I'll add it to the foot note.
Awesome, that's the one!  And it's even weirder than I remember.  Many thanks.
related: [Why is there an emergent quasi Lorentz symmetry in classical string lagrangian?](http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/304478).
Anyway +1 because this is the correct approach. Others are varying degrees of exercises in futility/waste of time.
I know what they are. I also know that if you ask 5 people to define it you will get 7 definitions. That is irrelevant though... you are asking us to recommend you books, which is the classic case of opinion based questions.
How to connect HackRF to Wireshark?
I'm posting an answer to your question. Please let us know if this is the story you're looking for. No need to post a comment, if the answer is satisfactory you can just [accept](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/help/someone-answers) it by clicking on the check mark.
Election spending and plutocracy
If a message can be repeated, is that confidentiality, availability, or integrity?
They voted to repeal Obamacare. Over 50 times. Over the past several years: https://thinkprogress.org/gop-lawmakers-vote-to-repeal-obamacare-again-on-groundhog-day-6f0c931a8549#.69mnxivgp
Should we be using SHA3? (2017)
Why does Dwight forget?
what about the two friends vote to have you pay for their tickets. Majority wins. Is it still a democracy?
Direction of the wavevector?
@Remy An axis of rotation is not necessarily a physical object. It is a line, about which the whole things rotates. A spinning donut spins around an imaginary line through it's hole.
Was Mant the movie-within-a-movie in Matinee? This had the greatest line: The man transforms into an ant because he was bitten by an ant at the dentist's office while being xrayed. The dentist,looking at the xray picture, says to the man who now has the head of an ant, "I guess it doesn't matter much now, but you didn't have *one* cavity..."
Not 100%, but potentially the 90's remake of Escape to Witch Mountain?
When writing an API an that connects to the database, what information is sensitive and should be protected?
Has a US President ever nominated a cabinet of half Democrats and half Republicans?
The "butterfly ballot" of 2000, does Florida have different presidential ballots for each county?
Well, how did you find the error of the other parameters? Wasn't that a sort of root finding as well?
About dating the four founders, see http://scifi.stackexchange.com/q/18550/4918 "When was Hogwarts founded?"
Yes, that is wrong, the Standard Model does not include gravitons.
If the angular momentum is conserved in a system whose moment of inertia is increased, it's kinetic energy decreases
Is two factor authentication broken?
Is there any relationship between beat frequency and temperature
Yes - if you are able to do that, it's more secure than querystring and simpler than cookies
@phoog - So one might want to make sure not to get more Machiavellian nominees appointed before the more compliant ones.  Can we say "Constitutional Crisis?"  Interesting question.  +1
I doubt it's about a love triangle. Sex, and money are never mentioned in Lovecraft's works. Lovecraft claimed that everything about sex could be observed in a farm, looking at a cow (letter to Belknap Long.) In his novels, he was "emphasizing the qualities proper to him [man] and without stupidly dwelling on those bestial qualities which he has in common with the first pig or goat to come along.”"
When did they determine the element used to build the stargate?
Which algorithm for login throttling
Is it possible to create a false charger that drains a device's power?
OK, I don't have the books at hand, but the only time I remember Aragorn looking into a Palantir, it was to challenge Sauron.
Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/52463/discussion-on-answer-by-hmmmm-why-isnt-magneto-more-powerful).
If it's wide enough to span the Atlantic (c.3500miles)...it's as wide as the Moon (c3500**km**)....but yes, ***mass/speed*** would be the important factors. - http://independenceday.wikia.com/wiki/Harvester_Mothership?file=Independence_Day_%286%29.jpg
(tagging @user21820 as well) All devices eventually succumb to entropy.  An electric motor with its magnetic fields may collapse very quickly.  The chemically bonded structure of the rock will collapse very slowly (potentially outlasting the door, depending on materials).  However, for when a normal 16 year old OP asks a question like this, they probably assume the rock lasts "forever," which is a very reasonable approximation for most situations short of geologic timescales.
Cohomological field theories and Q operator
Doctrine combining environmentalism and social services with restrictive immigration and cultural policies
Does "everything in it" include the hobbits themselves, or does it refer only to the land, dwellings, animals and other property in the Shire?
What type of encoding/encryption has been used?
How big is a canary word on Linux, typically?
Compiling exploit on a different kernel than target (but same arch): is it un-smart or risky?
When is an actor's appearence considered a cameo?
Possible duplicates: http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/89035/2451 , http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/4384/2451 , http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/105912/2451 and links therein.
Proxying Requests through Python and Burpsuite not working
IP cameras are viewable in home Wifi and REMOTE Wifi, but not in 3G?
@MaximilianGerhardt Thanks, I guess I'll do some testing if I get the school's approval
Are there any organizations or political movements in the US that promote Borda Count Ranked Voting?
Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/52383/discussion-on-answer-by-panda-in-which-timezones-noon-does-the-us-presidency).
Why did Rogue One have such an abrupt tone shift?
I realised that the `RSA-` algorithms just map to the corresponding algorithm without `RSA-` (see `openssl list -digest-algorithms`), but there's no mention of `DSA` at all.
See my comment to the another answer. Never is said that the materials are complete body parts. Also, see my edit.
@DCShannon The best movies of the 1980s revolved around him.
User account existence confirmation
`I think any reasonable person would consider that an official diagnosis can only be the outcome of a professional evaluation (not one based on what you see on TV, other media or short encounters)` I think you're wrong on that, and that this is why they made the Goldwater rule: because people implicitly trust "experts" even if their findings are based on nothing more than a mix of tv clips and political leanings.
Was Obama's HUD mortgage rate fee reduction a renewal, or a first time thing?
Doing MD5 + SHA-1 is probably slower. You're processing the input twice. Also, they are optimised for 32-bit CPUs, while SHA-512 is optimised for 64-bit.
How did the phone ring when receiver was being held by Morrie?
Now that I think about it. I think that the problem is that the .apk is not signed, so that may be causing the problem
Implementing user access restriction Bluetooth LE
There are already two answers with the same title: what does this one add to the discussion?
How to solve rotational dynamics problem?
Fantastic answer, thanks!
Very old animated show taking place in the insect world
Why did Vito Corleone become mafia?
Why is the speed of sound relatively constant in a fixed medium?
Why don't they talk in "The Red Turtle"
How did dwarves living underground handle trash and sewage?
If you integrate $\hat \phi$ along a circle of radius $r$ you get $2\pi r$ because $\hat \phi$ is $\mathrm {the}$ unit tangent vector parallel with the circle of integration.
What does 'Rounds' mean in Hashing Algorithm
Trying to understand how to use comment in SQL injection
It must have been Fura Bloodmouth. I can't get her to say it anymore, but a couple online sources quote her saying, "I feed when I'm hungry, I sleep when I'm tired, and I kill whenever I'm in the mood."
Could it be *Trollz*? If it is I will add as an answer =)
The second answer for the question I linked addresses that.
Also, box office takings is not the same as profit...the theater takes a big chunk.
Movie about a man reborn after dying on subway tracks
A minute later she says "He enjoyed himself. He loved being a traitor." (maybe she was speculating?)
Sinking of Cage with weights on one side
Mr. Boogedy was awesome. He was like an evil Quaker version of Raiden from Mortal Kombat.
Charge distribution: electrostatic equilibrium in conducting sphere
As long as they don't do end to end encryption, Facebook could potentially save the entire conversation, but it might be unlikely that they would lie about not doing that.
How is this scene pertinent to the plot?
Sommerfeld's modifications to Bohr's atomic model
Those quotes are plainly propaganda, making this Q itself a tautology, and in a sense, a form of propaganda that reinforces what its target readers already suppose.
Two electron gas equilibrium chemical potential
Welcome to Physics SE! Please use mathjax to format mathematical expressions. To learn more about mathjax, please read [MathJax basic tutorial and quick reference](http://meta.math.stackexchange.com/questions/5020/mathjax-basic-tutorial-and-quick-reference).
Can political protests have a significant impact immediately after the general elections?
What is the role of the White House Chief Strategist in the US National Security Council?
Can illiberal democracy be considered a mature democracy?
Make sure the data came from the server
Mine is extrapolation.  However, I don't think it can be said for countries not on Trump's list, say for the last 10 years, including Saudi Arabia have imported terrorists.  I really do think these are the countries that have been prioritized for the reasons I stated.
@tim How do we know a website has or using HSTS?
@YashasSamaga The question itself is meaningful (and the one-word answer is "no" as explained in the duplicate question) but the OP's ideas about the physics underlying the question seem rather confused.
In that the Terminator would return to the scene unless he made sure it wouldn't be a risk to the mission.
Why was the world of Sword Art Online not just dominated by good real-life fighters?
Pierced ears Supergirl
Why did Jennifer lose all her powers just from losing the BFF chain?
How does a generic potential transform under Lorentz transformations?
Is it true that none of the cast knew what to expect in the famous "chestburster scene" in Alien?
HDD password cracking
Thanks Brett I would surely watch it.:)
Heat will be absorbed till the ice melts and it's temperature equals to that of its surrounding or atmosphere.
Thank you very much for this detailed answer, this is what I was looking for.
Although the PVV party formally has only one member, many party structures are present, although those are not formally part of the association that has been registered with the Kiesraad. Nothing prevents the candidates from gathering, organizing public debates, and so on. And they do.
Time of generating rainbow table for MD5 hashing password up to 12 character
@RaSullivan yes but you can't choose what state it collapses into, and you can't know if it has collapsed without collapsing it.  So all you can do is effectively measure a random number
The question is very broad and there are lots of questions here discussing [IPSec vs. TLS](https://www.google.de/search?q=site%3Asecurity.stackexchange.com+ipec+tls). Therefore I closed it as a duplicate of one of these questions. If you feel that your specific problem is not answered in any of the posts about this topic please narrow down your question to something which is not already handled by the other posts.
Distribution of illegal/legalized Jewish settlements in the Oslo zones
@Valorum I believe that Steve Jobs killed that innovation too...
Because we know Ian divorces her when she tells him what's gonna happen and didnt look at Hannah 'the same way'.
Twins are always evil, @Kidburla.
security breach: php file edited on codeigniter site, ubuntu server
How is The Doctor seen by his people?
9th? I prefer "eight-and-a-halfth-or-something".
@Jelsema: Changed to *almost*, because I agree he can't *always* be looking at the stone; he obviously does take time to send out orders, torture Gollum, do what a Dark Lord does, etc; I just think it's clear he uses it *very* frequently*.
Then why window.open is allowed anyway? When I say I want to block popups, why do browsers execute window.open?
@schroeder okay is there any other way that users will not see each other files?is secury enough random filename?I want to only make accessible file when php require it to access
This sounds [soooo familiar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Cuba)...
Key usage not applied using Microsoft CA
@Crowley - And I'm saying that very same thing. And pointing out that he was doing the mental equivalent of breaking Harry's both arms all the time. Notwithstanding the fact it made for great cover, he positively enjoyed it all end every time.
Force on a retaining wall in a tank of liquid and pressure calculations
Why does the Underworld film series avoid female Lycans?
But is it *only* to women?
is it possible to include hash (for example SHA-256) of document it the document
@Omegacron What are the odds you know about the Holiday BECAUSE of the movie?
How does Veracrypt proceed with small password?
Was the non-soldier Danny Pink killed originally supposed to have been a woman?
Are there any known concrete cases of Cloudbleed attacks?
Think you've asked this in the wrong place - there isn't a security aspect to this.
Or Kaecilius may not have been able to use the spell as precisely as Strange.
They become midichlorians Force ghosts? Seriously! Do Force Ghosts have midichlorians to sustain them?
Identification of a sci-fi book or book series based on the description of two alien races
Wireshark not decrypting TLS packet
Let us [continue this discussion in chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/54702/discussion-between-blip-and-ohwilleke).
Throw in some crime-thriller-horror recos!
@Daveycrocket76: If Delinquent Schoolgirls is indeed the movie, can you accept it as the answer? Thanks!
Which Country has the lowest minimum age limit to compete in Elections?
What is EU-US security shield certificate means in term of EU PHI compliance
Coulombic Force of interaction between two uniformly charged finite rods inclined at angles
Does a person feel a change in speed of data transfer when earth rotates?
Do Islamic State have women fighters?
@FuzzyBoots I actually have read the entire War Gods series 1 month before posting the question and completely missed the Elf & Dwarf connection (It is very briefly mentioned when Wencit explains the history of magic and the origin of species). Make it an answer and I will accept it.
How to critically watch a tv show?
Please explain what happened to Abbott at the end of Arrival
Welcome to Information Security SE. What do you mean by a friend network?
@Valorum I propose we got the other way with the dupe on this one. This particular question is of better quality than the one it has been closed as dupe of.
@Loren On your second comment, yes, it's clear the orbit is not stable. I said that in the answer. And also the rest. What is your point?
Movie about two elderly sisters who get lost and one dies
What is the most Executive Orders signed by a US President in a single four year term?
@Valorum That and “Inertial compensators” seem to be the answer. Can you flesh something out and post it as an answer?
Why was Marisa Tomei nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role instead of Best Actress?
This answer has much to commend to it, but Reagan was still an outsider in 1980, although an heir to Goldwater.  It's almost silent on ideology however.
Identify book with different races that have only one sense each but must cooperate in competition
@YuriyS I think the friction on the string is important to not let the hammer slide off. But eventually it is going to stabilize as shown (tension tangent to string). I don't think the handle friction is significant other than oppose the string tension.
what os, and do you have permission to staticly configure your IP address on this network?
I agree with you for free electrons. For atoms I'm inclined more to the observed charge neutrality due to canceling out the protons and electrons fields. My approach is that the electric field is quantized. The implication is that it is built from two quanta, which form electric fields, magnetic fields and EM radiation. I could not see any inconsistency in such a model about [One-dimensional structures of space](https://www.academia.edu/19657550/Complex_one-dimensional_structures_of_space).
I'd imagine a lot of this will be revealed in what I assume will be *John Wick 3* but I'd expect him to lose access to the Cleaners / Police co-operation etc.
@Will Question looks like you want list of companies creating these props. Listing is offtopic here
My point was that using something else *as a salt* makes no sense.
This answer could really benefit from some citations out to reputable sources.
Is electoral college at all practical or effective?
Hitler was planning on abolishing the Christian Church.  You need to correct the record there. Also the core support of Nazis came from pensioners, another left wing alignment.
Is There a "Pig Painting" Timeline?
what do you mean by "there's less of them" ?
Does that imply that a single AA-sized battery with a suitable motor and gearing could lift four 25 KG suitcases to my third-floor apartment?
Upvoted the Thanks and the acknowledgement because of the tantamount importance of civility.
Does anybody know anything about the transition mechanism of Vanadium dioxide (VO2)?
Identify this early 1960's western movie with cable-ore buckets
Also OWASP holds a complete list of deliberately vulnerable applications: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Vulnerable_Web_Applications_Directory_Project
1960's War Movie where surounded French soldiers are profiled before they die
@Marchi Thanks, great answer. It is really surprising how Delaware with just 3 electoral votes, has almost the same power than Virgina which has 10. Are you sure of your figures?
time dilation in a gear chain system
I didn't downvoetd it but to be frank it doesn't answer the question to full extent.
Should I be concerned about the WordPress REST API's user enumeration vulnerability?
In the absence of the Doom of the Noldor, would Feanor and co. have had a chance against Morgoth?
You should reformulate your question in light of the The United Nations Human Settlements Programme being headquartered in Nairobi, Africa.
Is there an equation to calculate the oscillation frequency with arbitrary forces?
Is a (axial) rotation an absolute or relative motion?
@Gallifreian Dunno. Not my thing, sorry.
(+1) A nice analysis.
@Alex, you can use whatever basis you'd like. Whether it is an eigenbasis of $\hat X$, $\hat P$ or $\hat H$. And of course you can always express the elements of one basis in terms of another basis, e.g. $\langle p | \psi \rangle$ which is the fourier transform of the wave function $\langle x | \psi \rangle$.
I suppose that's as good an answer as there can be! But why would having it be a sequel require the Nazis to be the villains? I mean, not terribly many Nazis in India...
The best option is to edit the question to remove the wrong statements and leave it as is. Probably, the discussion will be useful to someone.
added number 3 - reborn - deleting my answer
I explored some of the possible explanations in my answer to a similar question here: http://scifi.stackexchange.com/a/70785/22493
SELinux Privilege Escalation Metasploit Nexus 5 Android 5.0.1 LRX22C after Stagefright
JPeck89 and @RyanCavanaugh: could you BOTH link to a report to show source of your contention, please?
Relation between Noether's charge and the generator of a $U(1)$ symmetry
Why doesn't the background scenery match with the face?
Thank you, perfect answer! I would like to add that while i agree swipe-only cards are less secure, they can be disabled or replaced if stolen. But biometrics are permanent. The only course of action would be to disable myself from that payments system (That fraudulent merchant can be banned of course). Since, the payments system is primary intended for micro-transactions, the trade-off is maybe acceptable. But i personally believe biometrics shouldn't not be handled by untrusted third parties.
How to implement JWT auto-revocation?
Is there a reason why Jack turned away when they dropped Glen's body?
If Anakin brought balance to the Force, how could Kylo Ren be trained in the dark side?
Two sets of laws, but the president chooses which set is active
Existence of Higgs Mechanism
Absolutely welcome! The betterment of the world depends on the free exchange of ideas.
Is Docker a PCI DSS compliant form of virtualization?
@j.doe Ekhm.. no.  By the contrary.  The point is that if there is a single place where data exists and is not protected then all other safeguards are useless.  e.g. if you make a castle and fortify 3 sides of it the enemy will attack from the fourth ('cause he isn't stupid), and all your walls are useless.
Responsible disclosure: company is dedicated to security but doesn't answer
Which URL schemes are dangerous (XSS exploitable)?
@Snowman I see, so basically there is no really much sense of doing a System Restore to a given Restore point as it won't get users data back. So, why it's recommended on almost every blog I've crossed till now ?
What does it mean for an investigation to be independent?
Sadly I cannot understand your propagator argument because I haven't started QFT yet, only particle physics. However, I don't understand your second point : what do you mean when you say that the 0th component is "unphysical" ? For QED for example, the 0th component is related to the electric potential, which is for me as physical as the vector potential
@ACuriousMind : I think you have exceeded your powers as a Moderator by closing this question. The [Help Center](http://physics.stackexchange.com/help/site-moderators) states that Moderators are **exception handlers** who close **blatantly off-topic questions**. This question is not blatantly off-topic and received no close votes other than your own. Please would you reconsider your decision and reopen this question.
Old animated film with two short fantasy races at odds with each other -- a bride got kidnapped
That's great information.  Will hold out to see if anyone actually has a way to uncover what actually broadcasting was done 8 years ago (and beyond), but you give great details!
Thanks for you answer. It seems that we are hoovering with same arguments over the question without delineating well the real origin and machinery of the effect.
@Joël - He deliberately effed over Israel to side with terrorists out of spite, contrary to almost entire US congress's bipartisan consensus. Oh yes we can (imagine).
I know $M = \Sigma \Delta m$ and $V = \Sigma G\Delta M/y$ I don't know how to put in an index for summation
Absolutely brilliant answer.  Wish I could give more points.
Check out this question. It's basically the same one you're asking: http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/35278/bruteforce-on-10-characters-length-wpa2-password?rq=1
Wonder if its worth mentioning that this is because the Eye is a Stone?
security issues in JWT storage
Maybe because in Turkey vote campaining in foreign countries is actually illegal?
How does causality agree with order of events
Has use of /dev/urandom instead of /dev/random ever caused a vulnerability?
Except maybe the corrupted 9 and being brought back as a wraith, but that isn't life.
Identify a movie in which aliens believed a sci-fi TV show to be true documentary
Roughly when did it come out and what language was it in? Do you remember a channel?
Which one is the next country most likely to be partly or fully annexed by Russia?
You haven't mentioned allegations of Donald Trump been bribed with 19% of Rosneft shares. Many others haven't too, though -- like it's a non-important thing :D
Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/51233/discussion-on-answer-by-anders-hacker-used-picture-upload-to-get-php-code-into-m).
This post could be improved by adding some reputable sources to the bullet points.
In Star Trek Voyager episode "Timeless" how can the Delta Flyer ride the Quantum Slipstream?
He actually says a reply to his fallen friends mantra
How did Fenton survive more than 7 days without food in the basement?
old scify novel similar to "miss peregrine"?
There have been various statements by senior EU figures that single market access will depend on the free movement of people (which isn't really "open borders"!). As for the microstates, it's complicated https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microstates_and_the_European_Union (and that's not counting the UK dependent territories, Channel Islands, Man and Gibraltar)
It was my absolute favorite for a while.  Still has some nostalgia for me.  For all the books after the 4th i reread all the prior books before each new release, and then I've done them 2x on audible since AMoL came out, and this is my third.
@theguest who said there was anything wrong with them having choice?
No problem. I edited it. Totally deserved the downvotes!
yes, relative to the boundary where either $\mu$ or $\epsilon$ jumps
Back to the future: but exact same space? Which part of car computes?
I understand now, thanks.
So, the first and second answers are "no"?
"one of the two (can't remember which at the moment) were actually in charge of getting Frodo set up in a different town from Bag End" -- Merry.  How to remember this: Frodo's temporary house is in *Buck*land and Merry's full name is Meriadoc Brandy*buck*.
Why are all my separable solutions orthogonal polynomials in $L^2$?
Why don't nearest relatives have an automatic right to view a will?
Who are all the children in X-23's gang?
@MSalters: A keyboard that has `и` but not `й` is not Russian. The `й` character is on the same physical key as `q` (keycode 24). But now I think that I understand your reasoning. If the combining character is used, then that is a sign that it was not a real Russian who wrote the text. Is that what you mean?
What's the point of appealing the 9th circuit case to the Supreme Court?
Malmö muslim community population
@KatasticVoyage I think it would make more sense if *you* restricted it. In other words, provide specific canons or stories. After all, different vampire stories have different rules.  Make the question objective. Otherwise you're just making everyone guess whether their answer might fit your question.
I saw *Ex Machina* yesterday, Ava (a female humanoid robot) says she can detect lies by watching facial expressions. I suppose **every story involving such an AI** with enhanced sensors could be considered as a very accurate truth-machine.
Conditions when applying Gauss's law
What is the reasoning behind Trump's immigration ban?
The movie never shows the final result of the blast. The scenes cut off while it was still expanding. Really curious if novelization gives any numbers.
When Geordi was invisible in Identity Crisis, why did his eyes work?
In the lore, what is the relationship between Wood Elves and Bretonnia like?
How can I crack a WPA 2 PSK encrypted password?
Looking for an old novel called "The Reconstructed Man"
It was after making the deal, @BrettFromLA. The flashbacks show them in the train station from an earlier scene, _after_ leaving Amsterdam. In the earlier scene we are led to believe they're on their way to Rome and the museum, but the flashback shows that they head to Paris to meet Lamarque and intercept the egg.
You cannot use other covariant things for constant tensor $C^{\mu\nu}$  for example Kronecker delta has different indices structure i.e. $\delta^\mu{}_\nu$ so you need to write $C^{\mu\nu}=B \eta^{\mu\nu}$ when $B$ is a constant scalar.
I think we talk about matter distribution when we talk about the size of the universe and energy apart from space-time energy. We know about the expansion of that matter and energy, but the space probably has existed outside of our "universe". It's just that space is being created between the matter that is increasing the size of the universe.
Are there any other films which are constructed in a "Photomontage with narration" style similarly to La Jetee?
"gonna put your name in lights kid" - origin
No it's directory listings I'm looking to prevent, hence the missing `r` bit. To prevent writing I would only need to avoid the `w`. Don't see how it seems that way when the question clearly states what I'm trying to do?
@DVK-in-Florida - I'm happy if you're happy. Yours is the sole remaining (and thoroughly well researched) answer. Up voted and marked for reopening.
The only correct answer is "nobody knows". The administration seems to be flip-flopping on that point. Technically, @phoog's answer below is probably correct, but that doesn't really affect what the order says, it may only affect if the order may be illegal.
@Cruncher well, the US has no official religion. But we don't prohibit the practices of any particular religion. So we can have a secular society, but still have religion a part of it.
The Legends version of the page states that there's no hyperdrive engine in E3-type escape pods. But maybe it could be docked into a hyperdrive ring or a similar booster system...
Since the ratio itself depends on the high number of attempts, (which was a side effect of the adversarial Congress), it would be interesting to contrast the actual number of "wins" against those of other presidents, ignoring win/loss ratios.  That is, *one* might possibly, with greater effort and substandard tools, accomplish more than *another* who had better tools and average effort.
Where is Davros during the original Dalek story?
Can someone explain Lestrade's joke in "The Six Thatchers"?
Don't imagine the cosine as the function you use to solve a right triangle in contexts like this one. When you're finding the horizontal component of the vector, you're finding the dot product of your vector and $\hat{\textbf{i}}$, which is given by $\vec{\textbf{A}} \textit{\hat{i}}} = \abs{\vec{\textbf{A}}\cos{\theta}$.
Light propagation?Where can I learn about this? Thanks by the way.
Determining uncertainty for coefficient of restitution (COR) of a bouncing ball
Why is an MP required to comply with a Three Line Whip?
The question is quite clear.
its throwing alerts for 'illegal resource', the attacker is trying to access files for a wordpress site when the site is running a different technology stack
Preventing a man in the middle attack with a self-signed certificate using IP not DNS
You do realize this is based on actual events, right?
I think you use the word *nation* (a group of people sharing a culture etc.) where *state* (a political unit with a government, a territory, ec.) should be used. Admittedly, this is not clear cut, but I think it helps to use the most relevant among the synonyms trying to make a distinction to be as precise as possible.
As the British Monarchy has given up divine right, how can they maintain the motto Dieu et mon droit (God and my right)
How do characters act so fast in movies?
What happened to the Dragon-helm of Dor-lómin?
Thank you for posting this question so that I know to go watch this show. :)
What happens inside of a DDoS Scrubbing Center?
What spell did Dolohov use on Hermione in Order of the Phoenix?
I am transferring this question to stackoverflow.
Smoke and mirrors are traditional.
Best books for learning quantum mechanics from scratch?
Trajectory of a deformable cable with Lagrangian equations?
Can you create an OpenSSL certificate with non-English field values?
What side of the door was Seth on when he pushed the rocking horse down the stairs?
Is there any way of getting current user's password in Windows 10?
Medieval movie where a woman is about to be executed
SQLMap Strange Dump Result
We have a really long history of breaking treaties with the native nations and, as such, this could be a really muddy topic as what is 'legal' historically often came down to opinions. That said, there definitely should be some documented laws regarding this (and whether they are obeyed or not is another issue).
Does a succeeding President select a new VP during succession?
*The Stand* mini-series is from the 1990s. Way out of OP's time frame.
Are Deathclaws based on the Rancor?
As to specifics of the answer, "has work programs..." yes "...that constitute slavery" not really. Once again, don't play too fast and loose with your wording here. The concept of slavery has pretty clear conditions to be met.
Malware through HTML 5 player
Liability cap on car accident damages on public roads
@NKCampbell I still don't get it.. Which other question is in conflict here?
What is the general attitude in Samarla towards Daemonism (Ketty Jay series)
Lorenz force only describes or identifies the effect, I'd like to know what CAUSES the effect. 
Why is there no world Dormammu wants more than Earth?
You don't make one, you have to have one. I am sure you will find at least one file where you can get the original. Maybe one of your downloads was encrypted (just download the file again) or a document that was shared or emailed so you can get it from your Sent Mails folder or even the sample pictures and default wallpapers shipping with Windows. I am sure you can find a file pair :)
Short story about a man visiting a community for the deaf. Ends with them ascending to a higher plane of existence
I'm voting to re-open this question, because unlike the linked duplicate, this question is specifically asking in relation to server load issues / server relief.
Running Ophcrack against Windows 10
@jkej - thanks, I had pulled my number from a plot that stopped at 100 km; looking a little deeper I saw temperatures could indeed be significantly hotter... updated answer accordingly.
Thriller movie about a (bad/mean) twin who reaches and tries to trade places with her twin sister through lucid dreams
thanks. you mention a one-time link - would that be something like a Secret Note website?
Why do airline companies and foreign government agencies have the right to prevent foreigners heading to US?
I thought the paradigm daleks were a nod to the [Cushing films](https://doctorwhomindrobber.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/nice-looking-daleks.jpg) of the 60s.
Identify a movie about a spiritual fight in the US desert, years 1800s, good vs evil
... in which case, what about the SM lagrangian is insufficient?
When was the Illudium Q-36 Space Modulator first depicted?
How to make the Tag number of the RFID device appear as a secret number?
Do you have something to back up your statements about LGBTQ's visibility?  Cause this seems to be primarily opinion based.
Related: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archimedean_point
Zeeman effect shown by atom in magnetic field
It isn't, it is simply a forced interpretation of a situation to be used as ammunition for the radical/hard-left media. In case you still wanted the real answer :P Confirmation bias is a helluva drug
How was RedBeard not found?
How did Sauron learn of the Three?
If the VP were to invoke the 25th amendment to remove the President as unfit for office, would acting secretaries be able to consent?
Sql error at Login Page
The storage can be accessed only by trusted writer/reader. And the verification will be done by the writer.
please update the question with that information.
Sure, I just thought there might have been something from the question that I misinterpreted.  It's also good practice to wait before accepting answers in case a better one comes along; but I'll leave that to your judgement.
Old western set in a cavalry outpost in the desert -- lots of friction between the commander and his newest lieutenant
How does the ACLU decide which cases to take?
How does Koriand'r hide as Cory Anders?
I downvoted your question because of no effort by your side.
Exactly, and there are usually legal controls around when and how the ballot envelopes are opened to ensure that the actual votes inside stay anonymous. I'd add that it's not always true that mail-in ballots are not counted unless their number exceeds the margin of victory: some locations count all valid mail-in ballots, though they may not be counted until sometime after the actual election.
Where can I use BLE/NFC U2F device?
Contacting customers of vulnerable software, is it wrong?
Movie where dad tells daughter to kill mother
Buddy cop movie with one partner a "zombie"
Different Roles in US House of Representatives
I guess that makes more sense!
Thevenin theorem and its proof
Similar question: [What to do about “approved” direct banking MITM sites like sofort.com?](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/70509/what-to-do-about-approved-direct-banking-mitm-sites-like-sofort-com)
Does anyone know a dataset for industrial network security?
Agricultural subsidies of the EU: Why didn't / don't developing countries impose import tariffs on agricultural products?
No worries :) Everything is alright. It's just our dirty minds... The title reads like a slang sentence saying: "I assume that Tony is a virgin."
Can hardware be infected with remote administration malware?
The Role of Government
Can the federal government class action an Eminent Domain lawsuit?
dipole antenna/small loop antenna/S-shape antenna
The title of an English-spoken apocalyptic movie which features a large circuit of criminal-related trade in virtual reality experiences (pre 2000s)
Well assuming it's correct here's a hint maybe. You can consider $\Sigma$ to be $\delta(x')\delta(y')$ and plug in the potential of a point charge into your formula to derive an integral expression for the delta function. Then you can write an arbitrary potential as an integral over point sources, and you'll see your formula is valid as long as it is valid for the delta function. But I was skeptical the formula is valid for the delta function since the integrand seems to be strictly positive.
@Avi: Does the edit adequately address your concern?
Transforming Schrödinger equation of Rabi Cycle (Oscillation) into rest frame of mirror. (No prior knowledge necessary)
Two different events, but it's the exact same situation. The answers to both questions would be exactly the same. Which means that it's better to just have one question about this situation.
@DevinR thanks for your answer. I understand the difficulty involved. That is why I am bringing it also for discussion. The issue here is that you really don't get help from the ISPs for such real time forensics. Ip address don't help in case you want for instance to block the attacker. so we have to find a way
I'm also really trying to help out with what I can in the [tag:computational-physics] tag, but it seems to get little love from the community (i.e., low vote count for Q&A)
Movie with a guy that has intercourse with a watermelon
I'd recommend to first understand what you are doing before trying to go further. Doing some actual programming could help you
Why can't Americans purchase health insurance across state lines?
How did the Girdle of Melian work?
@M.Mat granted, it was superfluous due to the subsequent repeal. Now removed.
This is fishing in the dark. Please add the USB identifier here like vendor ID and product ID. Use your operating system mechanisms to read the attached USB devices. -- OK, I finally saw that you do not have such a stick.
Where does the "super" prefix come from in gravito-electromagnetism?
How do I make free body diagram for beam at an angle?
Looking for a simple electrostatics solver
In your final operation, you are dividing speed (nm/s) by length (nm), leaving (1/s) for the unit. This unit of frequency is also called Hertz (Hz).
No, not "only the creator". Gryffindor's sword is infused with goblin magic/craftsmanship, which is why it can do things like absorb basilisk venom.
Were there hints about a romances between Spock and Uhura in The Original Series?
So he could be a puppet controlled by Zek? So he could be a target in case Zek's policies failed?
Would the 18 months later conversation between Louise and General Shang still be the same after the events of the movie?
Not a physics book but Basics of Electrotechnics, it has an AC chapter
How is Optimus Prime in the movieverse a prime
You're probably right.  Thanks, Valorum.
There is no evidence of a limit to resurrection. The only reason Beric hasn't been resurrected more is lack of opportunity. Jon Snow is the only black hair Targaryen. One person is hardly enough information to identify a trend. It seems you are intent on believing your theory regardless of evidence. In which case, I wish you well, but you won't find evidence to support it.
Why don't they just escape from Negan?
Absolutely! Process is everything here!
Ransomware note found - cannot find encrypted files
Regeneration isn't random at all for a time lord/lady who completed their schooling...
@npp The key isn't compared to anything, it is used. With a incorrect key decryption takes the encrypted stuff that looks like random garbage and makes it random garbage, the correct key makes it runnable code or useful data.
Obama's 2011 ban on Iraqi refuges vs Trump's ban
Differences between Surface plasmon polariton (SPP) and surface plasmon resonance (SPR)
This should be on-topic as it sounds like social science fiction.
I downvoted this because of the tone. Although I think this answer is correct, phrases like "rather than solve this problem honestly..." are far from neutral.
Is there a limit to the mass of a chemical rocket leaving for Earth orbit in a single stage?
How did the Machine correlate data over time if its memories were being erased?
Why is the biography of comedian Andy Kaufman titled "Man on the Moon"?
@RichS - I rather suspect that it's whatever name **the magic** feels you're best identified by, noting that magic in Harry Potter is at least semi-sentient.
Seems like you are looking to prevent writable directories than directory listings ?
Basic authentication portected page accessible without header but not from different IP
Is the energy needed to extract an electron from a high density plasma greater than the ionization energy?
I recommend that you study the concepts behind [public key infrastructure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_key_infrastructure) and [web of trust](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_of_trust). Apart from that the use of of Python in your case is only an implementation detail which is not relevant to the conceptual question you ask. Therefore I removed these tags.
Related: [What was the method behind Graves' appearance?](http://movies.stackexchange.com/q/67064/49)
First movie to show All Persons Fictitious Disclaimer
@jalynn2 - is this better?
Was Lego Batman the only Batman with a seemingly sentient computer?
OpenSSH: Is setting a long ForwardX11Timeout better than ForwardX11Trusted?
Hi!  What middleware did you wind up choosing?
-> what does the "signing" encompass ? hashing the entire cert together with the public key and encrypt it when the CA's private key ?
Its an opinion (possibly Watsons!). I believe that she wouldve just given up or killed herself. But hey, well never really know
Why was the focus moved to guns rather than smoking in the film adaptation?
Also, I cant see the connection being made between at0 and eth0 , where is it shown in the "final compilation" you wrote?
If I put a rock on your head you will probably agree that massive stationary objects experience gravity?
How can I test whether my cloud chamber is supersaturated or not?
Friends in war are stealing gold and one of them got killed
Field operators for states with spin
@PatoRaimundo: For any state $|\psi\rangle$ at all, the inner product of $0$ (not $|0\rangle$!) and $|\psi\rangle$ is zero. This means that no matter the initial state of your system, the probability to ever find it in the state $0$ is, well, $0$, so that state is inaccessible.
@R That's a really good idea! You should submit your idea to the Chrome bug tracker; I think the Chrome team is likely to be the most responsive to your security UX proposal. And maybe contact @__apf__ on Twitter: she works directly on the TLS UX in Chrome.
What was the real-world cost of computing the SHAttered collision?
Actually in the case of spaceship, the earth time and spaceship time are in different amount of gravity, and the the spaceship accelerates when turning back, so that problem is solved by General relativity. When the spaceship turns back, the time passes much faster for it than on earth, so the earth twin is younger.
Can any web proxies differentiate between JScript and Javascript files?
Why does Dr. Parnassus keep making deals and wagers?
Movie referencing the three most powerful people in the world
@Bob Bee-But what about inflation? Wasn't the velocity of light increased by an enormous factor, thereby connecting patches of space that were receding from each other at a speed much greater than light? After inflation, the Universe had a size much greater than the currently observable Universe and event horizons developed around every point in space, revealing (by looking at the CMBR) that the Universe is isotropic (on the average).
I apreciate the reference, but there are no new info there.I already read those things like 5 times and still a bit confused on how to integrate a pepper in hash(as php code).This is not the only confusion but it seems i won't find any help here.Moderators are more concerned wether my question is too broad or a duplicate rather than helping.
Could you please add more details? How many years ago did you watch this? How old is the child? Which language did you watch it? How did the characters look like? ... Every detail might help people to help you
Can the permanent residents of Black Mirror's San Junipero 'travel' as freely as visitors?
How did slavery become a legal institution in the United States?
If I use Bernoulli then I am already using NS (or euler to be more precise).. Sorry which equations decouple into a Laplace eq?
Young adult Novel with Lavender Blue as recurring theme
can the iteration number of pbkdf2 be a security flaw?
Could Black Holes (theoretically) be used to hold Atoms together?
@Catija It has nothing to do with retention.  Think about it this way. They have a pitcher full of water. It holds enough water to fill 100 cups.  They loose 60% so now they can only fill 40 cups.  They still have 100 cups that need water, so they are going to run out of water before they fill all the cups.  It doesn't mater that after the cups are full they are going to recycle the water back into the pitcher, because they can't fill the cups in the first place.
Does Russia need Turkey to bring anti-regime forces to the negotiating table?
At Trump's inauguration, who is this dapper-looking man and why is he important?
Were there early signs Pat liked Kat?
Movie about couple lost in New York City at night
Identify a fantasy novel about a boy who gains powers from his MUD character
Why shouldn't this be a physical reason for the Riemann Hypothesis to be true?
What's the reason of the oscillation in the brightness of lightning flashes?
What is this show about a lion statue in (probably) Venice?
Why is pressure change in the alternative pathway not coming out to be same as in the original pathway even though pressure is a state function?
IIS with Windows authentication: can we know that an authenticated user would have connected from a machine on the domain?
Is a twist ending that occurs at the end of a series of films still called a twist ending?
Technology seems to be steam-punky if you ask me. 19th century futuristic so to speak. Usually steam-punk tends to deal with alternate timelines, were steam reigned over diesel, but in this case it's not textbook steampunk. The 3D harness uses pressured gas, not steam for example.
Flow of charges from lower to higher concentration, concentration gradient in intrinsic semiconductor
@coteyr It is already covered in the current answer. He should summarize the contents of those laws rather than just citing them. I see that the other answer cited the contents.
Events between Thor: Dark World and Avengers: Age of Ultron
Looking for a short story about a man eating a sandwich who calmly reacts to an alien appearing
Note also that gold lettering on a crimson envelope, while being classy AF, is also not a good choice for readability.
Did Trump's administration indicate their opinion of whitehouse.gov petitions?
How would require a very broad answer. The other approaches to this question (why, when, where, who) are decidedly narrower.
What was the method behind Graves' appearance?
Has Trump or his staff referred to other major political figures by their given names?
@agc the question is sloppy, but the questioner seemed well-intentioned.  He/She asked "on their own accord"  which contradicts "force". I find this most reasonable other than the sweet meteor of death.
@Valorum Yes, I know what the phrase means. My question is, why is the colour of royalty at all relevant to this B5 episode?
What are the pros and cons of only voting for first choice in SE moderator elections?
+Physicsapproval No, this is not a duplicate of that question. My question deals with how a field line can arise there.
Why does Russia always put importance on world dominance rather than economic development?
No. I've seen the show with the gorilla, but it is not the same show. It is much more serious and darker than that.
Thanks, what about a Dirac field? Do we have n=4, with each of the four components being an operator?
How do secular democratic government deal with religious laws?
Voted to close as off topic because most of those aren't political terms (psyops, false flags, and controlled opposition are all terms from the intelligence and defense communities). The other two are just buzzwords.
@RoraZ but technically (by design) RSA can generate symmetric keys and sign them? Thanks to Diffie-Hellman exchange keys are counted on hosts. Per my understanding DH process is enough for symmetric key generation and RSA only signs each stage (for understanding who is who) of its generation. Am I correct?
Recommend not saying "spy." Instead, each side let the other come in and Inspect their weapons.
Was Newt Scamander at some point the real master of the Elder Wand?
@ipeacocks: no, `auth` is just for the data channel.  `tls-auth` is not *required*, but definitely recommended to, as I quoted from the man page, "to mitigate DoS attacks and attacks on the TLS stack". Really, go read the man page.
From what I've read, Borda is very vulnerable to strategic voting.  Borda: "My scheme is intended for only honest men"
How did Remus Lupin conceal information from Dumbledore and Snape?
nginx request redirected
Man, what a great game that was!
Do computers contain more information than the information stored in them?
I suppose, theoretically, a new president could refuse to take the oath and become a sort of "lame duck president" for as long as it takes to impeach him/her (well, or just invoke §4 of the 25th I guess). But why anybody would do that is beyond me.
possible duplicate of https://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/126937/unknown-science-fiction-space-book (which is newer but has an accepted answer)
Sniper Reloaded: "These are code 5 won't work in Belgium"
You can exchange the indices on the metric, not between the metric and the derivatives.
Green’s reciprocity theorem
Does the United States tax exports?
How does Mirai's C&C communicate with its bots?
Why did the former SSR countries like Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia face no trouble joining NATO and EU?
Narrative is fine. Narrative that represents over 50% of the question is less fine.
Does Hagrid know Harry is alive?
Do the White Walkers know Samwell Tarly killed one of their brothers?
Is possible to control the direction of light colliding to each other?
Will moving observer see time dilation?
Why does one need a strong password on Unix?
Did Ava pass the Turing test?
Fate of Miss Justineau in "the Girl with All the Gifts"
@schroeder thanks for letting me know. I came up with encryption technique that can be done while transmitting or storing data
But do those prophecies really testify a crime's culprit? Say for example, there's a prophecy there where Voldemort killed Dumbledore. For instance, there's a report Dumbledore was murdered by an anonymous character and they frame it to Voldemort because he was the one inside the prophecy, but he didn't kill him. And like what Dumbledore said, sometimes prophecies can be fulfilled, can be not, can be fulfilled when the one inside it puts an attention with it.
Security by design - clarification
The origin of the filibuster rule? And Mr Gorsuch's joke
The formula given by DanielDC88 in "Derive Equation for a Cantilever in SHM" is for a uniform cantilever of mass M clamped at one end, which is what you are asking - **not** a cantilever loaded at one end. ja72's equation is for a beam simply supported at both ends. I have added an answer containing what I think is the correct formula for the cantilever.
Has there ever been a space hotel in the Star Wars universe?
good idea!!  you can even write a simple application, that stores/detects that automatically.
Linux runlevel configuration security
@niico, correct, the query string is encrypted and can't be viewed directly (but other things can be, and if an eavesdropper can infer something about the query string based on those other things, that would be just as bad).
Quote Identification - Where does Luthor say this?
Because the enemy of my enemy is my friend (at least temporary, until the common enemy is defeated).
How to find the real IP of website behind reverse proxy?
Pretty much any statement made by anyone could be preceded by "As far as I know," but we usually leave it out.
Is HelloSign actually compliant with EU Regulation 910/2014 (eIDAS)?
Why does time stop when Cinderella steps on the black pitch?
There is no connection between  wave height and wavelength. You can have any wavelength for any wave height. It's like asking "*How can I calculate the color of my car from the speed I am driving*". Those two things just aren't related.
Movie with several people finding crashed small plane in forest that is loaded with gold
Yoda ate them. That's how he's lived to 900.
@MarcusMüller I would say that it strongly depends on what version of Docker you're talking about. on Windows, for instance, it uses "real" Virtual Machines which does provide a higher degree of isolation. That being said, I have no idea if it could pass a PCI DSS compliance test.
How to create black holes with sound?
How will the lateral displacement produced by a glass slab change with increase in the angle of incidence
Why do these Dothraki look calmer than expected?
Book with a kid who had a vanishing twin who stole his body
Where did the ninjas come from?
Is using the word "propaganda" to describe this statement inaccurate?
Is anything exchanged in the occurence of an electric field
What did the aliens look like? What do you mean "a replicator". Why did they reward him specially? Did the hero have a name? What were the aliens called? How did they get to Earth? Was setting contemporary or futuristic? What kind of story did he tell them? Were these the first aliens that people had ever seen? When did you read this novel? Was it intended for adults or younger audiences? How did such a short plot fill an entire novel?
Best way to use http get with php server for mobile app
Is what Donald Trump doing right now impeachworthy?
Why has the African Union readmitted Morocco?
@KDog - That's not an example of a President being over-turned. That's an example of one of the President's actions being over-ruled. We couldn't even begin to compile statistics on this without having the scope of the actions to consider being layed out.
Why don't the West invest in infrastructure-development of poor countries like China?
Why would the Merovingian accept that the Matrix would be destroyed?
The security of the PASSWORD function in MySQL
Is a parcel letterbox based on a tracking code secure?
Thanks for the answer, by the way.
Free electrons theory not always works for metals. It fails for example for ferromagnetic systems. As far as I know, the way one can avoid Coulomb repulsion in using the Landau-Fermi liquid theory. I don't really know much about this model but as I understand  this theory maps the interacting electrons into non-interacting quasi particles. In this sense, the Coulomb repulsion is hidden by some sort of "change of variables".
Who was the fifth one that was killed by Harvey Dent in The Dark Knight?
Welcome to the community. If you know, please also describe the year you viewed it, the language, country and year of production. I hope you enjoy this place as much as I have.
How did Sherlock find out who is the guilty one in "The Six Thatchers"?
Possible duplicate of [Why did it take Sauron so long to regain strength?](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/59247/why-did-it-take-sauron-so-long-to-regain-strength)
The $r$-component of the Total Force on a Simple Pendulum
Is Sandboxie a virus?
I'm unsure if it's ontopic, but as phrased, it's also too subjective/broad.
@Joe I'm asking about something in the middle. You're correct that I'm definitely not thinking about using these certificates for websites. But I am thinking about using them for non-governmental functions like payments authorization, as well as being available for light-duty file encryption.
Oh God...if you cannot see how the counter example to QM is GT then we are in completely different discussion.  They fundamentally do not reconcile with each other.  GT *is* the counter to QM.  That's why it's a paradox and considered unsolved.  Yet we still teach them both knowing full well they are in direct opposition to each other.  Artic ice also increased in 2012 but we don't consider it *invalidating* all of the climate change consensus.
Old SciFi/Fantasy Short Story in a Deep Mine
I think it is trying to say that the generation rate is independent of the electron and hole densities. It is _not_ a function of them, for any function.
Legal differs from country to country - which is not mentioned and you shouldn't trust from us random strangers anyway. I feel it is unethical for the reasons already answered, but for the legal status you really need to consult a lawyer.
@user931 Quite right. I've edited to include that point.
@LightnessRacesinOrbit Probably: I don't think the router (and the PC) distinguish between TLS and other traffic
How was cast selected in the show Louie?
Execute reflected XSS in URL
Great analogy, it helped me to visualise it even better. So is it the standard way to implement cookies nowadays (I mean that on client-side the cookie will contain only the unique ID)?
Postulates of general relativity
See also: https://blog.cloudflare.com/incident-report-on-memory-leak-caused-by-cloudflare-parser-bug/
Differences between the OpenVPN SHA1 variations in the digest aglorithms
If you released a book from the thermosphere or mesosphere would the book float slightly?
That presentation refers to the Bluetooth 1.1 spec, so I'm suspecting that your answer refers to the pre-4.0 Bluetooth security.  The quote from the v4.2 spec specifically says that the PIN is _not_ an input into the security algorithm.
@user4012 I question whether it's actually a significant amount of jobs lost. The minimum wage in the US is considered very low but minimum wage jobs are easily filled. In other words enough people are willing to work for the legally lowest amount that there isn't a lack of workers. I think the philosophical side of this question is interesting but I'm not sure there's a direct link between income tax and lost jobs, at least not at the tax levels currently used.
What is the meaning and significance of the quote "Life is like a box of chocolates"?
In which countries election spending or contributions are strictly regulated?
Does the Speaker of the House of Commons have the power to prevent HM Government allowing the US President to speak in the Palace of Westminster?
What's an SSL certificate that's not even DV
Why didn't Vito kill those two guys?
Also http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/193585/why-is-the-surface-of-the-moon-white
If so, would making an observation on any particle result in the wavefunction of every other particle in the universe collapsing to one specific eigenvalue? (I don't mean the same eigenvalue for all the particles)
Yes. In all likelihood because it contains water and ions, they make it a good conductor.
It's not really execute code on `getimagesize()`, but to fake a image header and include PHP commands on a file to bypass image type check and upload a shell. You can do that including a PHP shell on a legit image. See https://www.idontplaydarts.com/2012/06/encoding-web-shells-in-png-idat-chunks/ for some examples.
This is not a duplicate.  The other questions are asking *if* there are third parties.
SSL CONNECTIVITY: using self signed certificates
Where are the electrons of a cathode ray tube coming from when using AC?
Can two solid objects pass through each other if they are moving sufficiently fast relative to each other?
There is no further mention, the story follows Denethor and the Laegrim
What does this suspicious PHP code do?
What is needed for a country to join the British Commonwealth?
"Chapter 11" is surely the joke (I think), but *if this quote is true* it is more likely that Mr. Brooks knows that you *never* explain the joke. Never. ( Not Safe for Getting Work Done warning: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DontExplainTheJoke )
Since the memory sticks are an insurance policy against the other team members it makes more sense for them NOT to know where you are hiding yours. - You could also go for a "dead man's switch", i.e. your death will trigger the release of the information. - If you keep the stick on you, what leverage would you have if another members points a gun at you?
Why there are such big time gaps between airing the episodes of "Lucifer"?
Goddamn it, I wrote up an entire answer about how it was kinda similar to MGS3 before noticing the song was released in 1992. Note for others - if it is referencing Metal Gear, it's about the original 1987 game!
Can future US administrations still rejoin TPP?
Not specifically but my guess is that is where the "mixture" method was used.
Positronium splitting?
@user20310 - I thought that, but I noted the past tense used. It *was* penetrated.
General techniques for identifying an unknown service
@CandiedOrange: Where am I saying that? I'm saying that most of the time when Kirk is in the captain's chair he's in a casual variant of the uniform. Because he can, on his ship.
The equation is the solution to the one dimensional wave equation for a wave travelling in the positive x direction. There are very many references you could look at on the Internet.  Here is one, http://www.feynmanlectures.caltech.edu/I_47.html
Trump on Trans/Bathroom Issue: Libertarian or Conservative?
Are you saying that turning energy/torque  from the drive is absorbed by the twist of the lighter socket, in effect?
Uncertainty on XRD lattice parameter calculation
@user21820 I fully agree with you. That comment is not intended to be a full answer, that's why I didn't put it as such. It is just a cautionary argument informing the OP that one cannot cathegorically affirm that “atoms individually have no color”. Since, if one considers that for a thing to have color, it just need to send light (photons) into our eyes (by a process of some sort), then atoms individually can do that, even if such a color is not necessarily one found in a rainbow
What are the 'category' items defined in the UK government bills RSS feed?
The question states that 256b does not increase security. I think you misunderstood their statement a little
What exactly does the *frequency* of a photon mean?
How did we know that everything had to stop at the absolute zero
I think the RDP VPN solution makes a lot of sense for our particular scenario. Parth in the previous comment made a huge list of suggestions. Are there any "pre-built" images of Windows 10 which are more hardened?
This could be a good fit for Econ, but I think that kinds of economic systems are also highly important to political theory. I edited and tagged as political-theory. Hope to see it opened.
How is it possible that Maeve can control Bernard?
Does Tolkien ever name any skin-changers other than Beorn?
Why Boole and not Babbage?
Terms for male and female dragon?
$a_c$ sometimes means [centripetal acceleration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centripetal_force#Formula).
Preventing Website Directory Listing
@TheDarkLord no he didn't. He just saw that Lupin is a Werewolf and was stopped by James just before running into his ... paws.
Can you elaborate on why you want a blacklist instead of a whitelist?
Expectation value of 1D harmonic oscillator using partition function as $T\to\infty$
In the figure you have shown, you actually are determining the buoyant force.  It is the upward force due to pressure from below minus the downward force due to pressure from above.  This net force supports the weight of the fluid in-between.
http://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/604/to-what-extent-are-child-actors-exposed-to-the-violent-aspects-of-the-movie-they I guess that the same subterfuges are used.
Why do so many characters in Dune rub their temples?
Why didn't the Noldor use the palantíri?
Paul Ryan has already released a plan. And there is only about 12 million ACA enrollees
@schroeder Oh got it, so I shouldn't be worried about it then?
I was going to post this answer. Here is the video clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHH6YVHGh90
Ok let me keep this question for few days, if someone decides to write from Movie perspective else will delete it. Some users are not not active on SF&F. Thanks for pointer.
Very good in-universe explanation. +1.
@Pharap that's like "imagine no possessions" being sung by a multi-millionaire.
Did Euler or did D'Alembert incorporate initial conditions into the solution to the 1D wave equation?
Product recommendations are off topic here. Though I have a feeling that this question is answered at http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/35255/the-safest-way-to-circumventing-irans-internet-censorship . One aside: If you are asking questions about circumventing a government's censorship program IMHO it's better not to do it under your real identity...
And then, it might be illegal: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/27/opinion/trumps-immigration-ban-is-illegal.html
Nice. No need for the large “EDIT,” though; there’s a complete edit history for each post, such as right [here](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/posts/149262/revisions).
http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/282928/does-gravitational-force-tend-to-zero-over-large-distances
I realised who he was by using it on the internet, so isp and approximate location, that made me paranoid of what else can be accessed so easy.
@SteffenUllrich I guess then the question is: is a spoofing attempt the only reason for DMARC failures from others' domains?
When a wizard dies in the Harry Potter series, do all of the effects of the spells they cast die with them?
@Johannes: You can safely use all functions from the standard library (3) and all system calls (2) in your code. Just read carefully the man pages, it there is a caveat, it will be referenced. As a rule of thumb, use commands (1) and (8) when you develop shells and functions (3) and (2) when you develop C (or C++) programs
Full protection from Bash injections - Is it even possible?
Why is there an alternate Superman meets Lex Luthor underground scene?
The metric tensor of the four-dimensional space-time and three dimensional metric tensor
Re *"...keeping [h]is promise..."*: the general Q is exclusively about post-campaign activity, it's not clear why the fulfillment of campaign promises would be relevant.
What happens if Parliament rejects the Brexit deal?
You can't do diplomacy if you enter forcefully removing people's stuff. It'd be like wanting to start peace talks, but demanding the other party enter in handcuffs.
Floating city? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_Angel_Alita
Looking for title of old Macintosh game, where you are in a Museum
@TorstenLink  I'll try but it was 20 years ago. I don't have much hope I can find a source.
Any other details you can remember may be helpful. As it stands, this is fairly broad.
This appears to be a better question for [law.se] (or, if they won't take it, [worldbuilding.se]).
Not sure why Frodo seeing the eye in Galadriel's mirror would preclude it from being a metaphor. In the same way that tarot cards use concrete figures to describe abstract concepts, it's reasonable to understand the images in her mirror as symbolic.
Does anyone know of a story where animals are locked in cages that are actually their spines?
What was the point of the House of Lords debating Article 50?
Did the Room of Requirement work after Crabbe’s Fiendfyre?
@alephzero - that's simple. Prove that the policies are racist, using common discourse (and not ideological definition of racism your political side made up). If something is unfair to a specific race, call it "unfair to a specific race", not "racist", which implies deliberate and intentional negativity to a specific race. If something happens to have a disparate impact on specific race, say that, instead of implying that it was designed so it would have disparate impact.
Pink Panther's background song
i just thought that if here are some people who have more experience in this are than i have, they could judge if my result sounds plausible.
Looking for a collection of short stories that involved math as underlying theme in every story
This school is not all male. The hero has a sister in the school (younger to him) and other girls and i'm very sure its not as violent as TS. Its not TS.. i came across this movie too while searching for the above movie. I will try and add some additional information if possible..
Does the plot twist at the and of "Around the world in Eighty Days" make sense?
@Frobenius : nothing such sophisticated, it is a particular family of linear transformations belonging to the linear space of transformations from $\mathbb R^4$ into itself (as far as we are talking about *existence*).
Were stormtroopers mostly clones?
Dupe http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/90090/what-is-the-role-of-rsa-in-ecdhe-rsa which in turn has two earlier dupes
If by your team, you mean Rotten Tomatoes? Why isn't this on the Passengers page on the site? By makers, who exactly? Screenshot of the email?
@AcePL what do you mean? Why would I add things to your rant?
Why doesn't the interference pattern at D0 alter the probabilities of D1 or D2 in the delayed choice quantum eraser experiment? Or does it?
FB Oauth CSRF security, PHP website
Could you clarify your answer as to why Humans weren't species 001 if they were the *first* assimilated?
Was this Stormtrooper an idiot?
I read this as a child but cannot remember the name of the story. I'm (almost) certain it was from one of the Before the Golden Age style anthologies, though I have looked through all four of the Asimov BTGA anthologies and can't see it there.
Upvoted: great answer with a good picture!
Looking for a short story from old literature book about girl excited to meet "aliens" who are us
Kinematics: relative velocity
@Gallifreyan Mmm; I'm going to quibble with your comment and ask for citations. Maybe they *didn't* handle it well and that's why no one every writes about it!
Robert Reich on Milo protesters - alternative facts?
Definitely agree with this. So in the real world it would eventually slow down.
While a good answer would have a source from a production team member on the influence here specifically, it also resembles the hilltop fortress of [Masada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Masada), which the Romans sieged for a year while building an earthen ramp. The Empire did not need to build a ramp to lay siege to Jedha City.
What would be the minimum percentage of water for a livable earth?
The linked post says the Fermi level is the chemical potential of the electron. The chemical potential is the change in energy when an electron is added to the system, so if I have a full valence band I need at least the energy of the band gap to add another electron, so the Fermi level can't be inside the band gap.
@cde I know what it is, I want to know if any of it was kept.
@LightnessRacesinOrbit - how so? They both make sense to me. They had a real owl, who they'd gotten used to the sound of gunfire. Then, when the scene was filmed, the sound from the gun didn't scare the owl. It just turned its head.
If a Brexit deal fails, is there a default fallback regarding movement of people?
Developments leading the Western society to "post truth" / emotions (vs. facts)?
What prevents high Beta plasma confinement and how to overcome it?
Do Klingons believe that William Shakespeare was Klingon?
Comments are not for extended discussion; this conversation has been [moved to chat](http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/51193/discussion-on-question-by-el-shteiger-what-did-kerry-mean-with-israel-can-eithe).
the equilibrium concentration of vacancies
@Venture2099 I agree that the question would probably get better answers at [law.SE], but it doesn't seem to be actually off topic here.
Why is Islamophobia not as demographically widespread in the USA?
What's your citation for everyone confirming Childs was infected? I always heard everyone was spectacularly cagey about it, with Russel actually getting annoyed when people asked.
I would also like to use this opportunity to reiterate my favorite advise for C security: **don't write security-relevant code in C**. Use a modern programming language which doesn't even allow you to do stupid things like reading and writing outside of array boundaries. If that's not an option, at least use C++, but use it without arrays. Use `std::string` and `std::vector` instead.
possibly the same as https://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/154139/anime-boy-with-a-gem-on-his-forehead-could-transform-and-combine-as-could-a-c/
Oh thank you, could it be possible my search is ended?!
But once you connect to such a VPN, you will not likely be contactable any other way while the VPN is active. so how is that increasing the attack surface? It is true that it is worse than being behind a well protected corporate network but that isn't the implication of the question is it? It is certainly better than being directly connected to the Internet over public Wi-Fi!
SQL Injection Possibilities in my code
How does Obamacare save lives?
Are you sure he saw one? The only one I remember seeing before the one that attacks him is the one that walks past while they're both down in the quicksand.
Surreal early anime movie?
Why isn't Harry considered a pureblood?
typo in Hudson Horney Memorial but edit is too short to be allowed.
Who's the other one to be killed by a Terminator, a Predator, and a Xenomorph?
Related - http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/149080/why-was-darth-vaders-cape-fluttering-at-the-end-of-rogue-one?rq=1
Different expressions for energy stored in an electromagnetic field
How can wormholes connect two points, far away from each other in flat space?
Blockchain-based services (developing & developed countries)
Differences and Similarities Between a Democracy and a Republic
Hydra http-post-form dosen't work even if i got right parameter
I think I figuered out a quite probable way it could have happened, the charm Quark turns into a strange one and comes with the other two together to form the Omega-, and the charm Quark addmits a W+ boson, wich turns into a pion+ (up, antidown). Thanks for the help and answer if you see a flaw in that.
@sergiureznicencu: see updated answer.
Looking for cartoon with a comatose superhero-type leader and a zombie
Sound of object dropping into (container of) liquid: two related questions
It may have not been that exact line. It may have been the guy saying something along the lines of "I can never unhook these things", or something else. I know this ID request is vague because this kind of situaton happened a lot in 80's films, but it has been many years since I saw it.
Universal Law of Strong/Weak Force?
Where are IDS useful today?
Was the father known as soon as the decision about pregnancy was made by the writers?
@Sentinel No.... other things can be facts because we can measure and prove things. This is not arbitrary, its called science. Science can have experts (whose are only experts if they can show how they proved their results). Science can not tell you why 'democracy' means 'rule by voting people', that was just what some random Greeks decided thousands of years ago.
Can we use Data Loss Prevention (DLP) to Protect encryption keys?
Auto-parallel Transport or Principle of Extremum Action?
allik appears to be of low social standing, a minor crew member on a ship. the captain appears to either own the ship herself, or be much more importent socially.
The only thing I can think about with the masks is that it might have given them some protection against fiery breath, unless it was a direct blast of it.  It might have even protected their beards a little :)
what i actually meant was the energy would at some point be exhausted
This answer would be better if you explicitly stated that Kirk was also using the code "hours could seem like days": specifically, that hours➞days (Kirk) in addition to days➞hours (Spock).
Magnetic Force of a current carrying wire loop on a magnetic object
Registering as the "Incorrect" Political Party
Yes. Is there other meaning of "original MAC" in the context of MAC spoofing other than hardware MAC?
At the very least, it tells a potential scammer that the phone number is (1) valid and (2) owned by someone who is willing to communicate. That opens the door to a variety of social engineering attacks.
So what about all the extra "momentum" all the above molecules would be passing downwards?
That's the part where there is no answer in the books. I searched for interviews but there are no results. Maybe it's time for a tweet
@Valorum As I recall, the accident was a collision with a fire hydrant.  That video clip doesn't look like the damage from that kind of accident.  That looks more like the van was a decayed heap of junk, and was returned to working order from that condition.
There was at least one case in which a Jew was cited for violating a Blue Law (store open on Sunday). He was found not guilty because he was closed on the Sabbath (Saturday) in accordance with Jewish law. As a result, the court held that he had acted in accordance with the law.
2D elliptic gaussian beam on tilted wall
@Celeritas  What a President can do is act so overwhelmingly in the interest of the US with such obvious virtue that eventually his mere warnings and practices hold precedent.  Think George Washington and the two term limit, which was so obvious that it became an amendment.  Note that the guy who broke that practice gave us Japanese Internment Camps.  And the couple that tried to backdoor into breaking it, the Clintons, would surely have left something worse.
Has a POTUS ever been called for jury duty?
@tiggles: Just to clarify: You really mean to hit the ball 9 feet from the right edge (i.e. a full table length away from the table)?  What do you mean by "from 3" above the table to 2' above the table."? I can pick any value in this range?
Looking at the tags it might be in the context of Marxism, but the question author should mention that in the question.
Removing RATs via OS reinstallation
Is there a publicly available definition of current congressional districts?
When you say **we**, there are 7 billion of us, so possibly someone has seen a blatant contravention of the probabilies behind the second law, but as even a single  mole  has $10^{23}$ particles, it seems extremely unlikely that this behaviour has been seen  without some outside intervention.
Good answer, but I would also add that they get their military for very cheap. Think Conscription.
I edited to clarify that.
What is the creature that the Nazgul ride called?
Need help remembering title of 80s-era sci fi anime featuring car combat with Star Wars inspired characters
Cup of water with oil on top
So Talky Toaster is ruled out
@Praxis - That's fair enough and I understand the points you've made. For the record, the answers this question gets will basically be a redux of the dupe question.
Why do the kids have different accents?
Why is voter registration necessary in the US voting system?
Only one robber is dressed as a clown in _Quick Change_.
Magnetic Dipole Moment of the Hydrogen Atom
@SdaliM Population is virtually irrelevant. Consider New Hampshire. It has a lower house with something like 400 people in one of the smaller states and upper house with about 24. The dynamics of the legislature which affect how it works is almost entirely a function of the size of the body as a whole and not of population.
It could just be an advertisement for Jabba's new disco.
Note: I've once installed AMI just to find out that it was probably the worst-case choice available. If its an option, stick to distributions which have an actual community, not just a company, behind them. Ubuntu Server or some Debian are usually the best choice, else the RedHat Distris (CentOS, Fedora..).
Maybe the orcs attacked villages just to snack on a few humans.
In Arrival, why does Louise share this information about her daughter?
Science-based questions aren't on topic on SFF:SE. You might want to consider re-asking this on [Worldbuilding:SE](http://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com/) or [EarthSciences:SE](http://earthscience.stackexchange.com/). If you're more interested in the writing side, you could try [Writers:SE](http://writers.stackexchange.com/)
I never came across an explanation. It might indeed just be some random, funny-sounding alias they made up on the fly, like [Art Vandelay](http://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/61312/what-was-the-inspiration-for-the-names-vandelay-industries-and-art-vandelay/62421#62421).
From a planet in one of our satellite dwarf galaxies, would one be able to see the Milky Way?
> But note that not having a claim at all. i just wanted to add that contrary to what you said here, my answer did have claim. it just didn't have the false claim that you claimed it had. i'm happy to return to that portion of the discussion once you rectified your false claim here.
First contact between Oromë and the Elves
Does anywhere apply ranked voting for party-list proportional presentation?
Would depend on your country, and possibly card provider. You could certainly let your bank know the reason for requesting a replacement.
The [IMBD page](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0190919/) has "head cut off" as one of its keywords.
Why is Temple of Doom a prequel?
Benevolent aliens who (initially) refuse to show themselves
A WAF is usually the wrong level to try prevent web shell infection - if you can upload executable files to a server, there will be ways to bypass a WAF through encoding, or splitting data, or using a multi stage payload. It might be difficult, but there are lots of ways to hide data. You're better off preventing the upload of executable files on the server - put uploads in a folder which doesn't allow execution, rename them, etc.
Using full disk encryption would work - doesn't prevent ransomware (but that's not a concern in the original question), but even if the hard drive is removed, an attacker wouldn't be able to access the data. A container is less good, since it's possible traces of the files could be written in clear form to the drive, whilst they're being used - that applies to both encrypted zip and veracrypt container.
Can I start off Cyber Safety seminar by stunning the audience, like getting into their phone's Wifi/Bluetooth to access a folder and show them?
Soren also survived, besides all of the vampires who didn't live in Castle Corvinus.
> "Any purported democracy cannot be a insert description of race/religion/other here state and still be a democracy." - a democracy can be religious, provided a majority of the people share that religion. Kerry is saying that the Palestinians can not be represented by a Jewish democracy, since they would wish to elect Muslim leaders, so a one state solution cannot be both Jewish and democratic.
Why would Londo Mollari even expect a two part poison to work against Lord Refa?
Password-Changing Password
Did the Founders discuss the idea of someone amending the Constitution to destroy it?
Perhaps the bioluminescence provides its own heat in this instance, and convection takes care of the rest.
No need for apologies, I'm still chuckling at my confusion. :) Great edit BTW.
You should also try to specify your question a bit. How do you define "being a democrat/republican"? I don't think that the US has traditional party membership (see also [here](https://politics.stackexchange.com/questions/15986)).
How does separating concerns into separate processes (without enforcement) help security?
What's the exact definition for strong correlation in condensed matter physics?
How does Oxford University influence the politics in the UK?
Controlling private key access for a web server
@RainWillow That question is entirely about public policy, specifically, whether the government should build more highways.
Oh, that's cool. I guess it's fine in this case, in fact it's quite likely that interacting with off-worlders further enhanced and cemented the lessons she learned via the helmet. It does feel like Disney got kinda lucky though. They could have had two conflicting canon sources and been right up a proverbial creek.
Thank you. Btw, Red John did appear once or twice before. I recall when Jane was to be sacrificed by some crazy kids in theatre, Red John killed them and approached Patrick. We didn't see who it was, of course, but he "physically appeared, as a character".
If Russia hacked the election, how or why can we proceed with inaugurating Trump?
Why does Nicole Kidman not look like Nicole Kidman in The Hours?
@PoloHoleSet - Those are action crimes not intent crimes though.  And the victims were not Americans.  American "Security" Contractors that killed Americans abroad, or stole US Assets,  could be prosecuted in the US.
Fantasy Alien world With Girl in Crashlanded ship
Limit file access to admin and application on Windows 10?
A Japanese film about two people who steal money from an ambulance patient who turns out to be a mobster?
Decoding the character table
These questions apply to non-rooted devices. I got the secondary executable / restoration part and I'm also guessing they could obfuscate the name that appears in the manager. Tinfoil Hat Time: is it possible for the app to automatically remove itself when opening the Application Manager, or even sooner as in when the Settings panel is first opened, and then re-install afterwards?
This is actually what happens the morning after Hagrid shows up with Harry's letter -- the owl delivers the daily newspaper and then **waits** for payment. I'd assume an owl would be smart enough to wait for a "heck yeah" reply.
java keytool - how to modify a keystore's Owner and Issuer information?
@Lorendiac Well, the full film *is* currently available on Youtube, if that helps.
Are there any safeguards against a US President essentially using propaganda to suppress the nation's news outlets?
If companies could sue for negative references (not outright libel), Arby's would have a hell of a case against The Simpson's.
How did hackers brute force my Windows server username?
Formula one car tyres do not have treads in them because they drive on dry tracks. If the roads are wet they need to switch to tyres having treads to avoid slipping.@Countto10
Can we allowe gauge non-invariant terms in a gauge theory?
When does using a binary phase diagram on a complicated alloy fail?
I have a really hard time understanding what you're talking about here. Are you talking about some group of people or is there an actual character named "Group" in the film?
@mattdm : Remove open relay only prevent cross domain relay.
Why does Jason Mamoa hold the rapist's face up to the headlight of his car?
@Terriblefan Now I'm imagining if he had named him Darth Credible.
Kepler's second law implies angular momentum is constant?
Why can't Jim get a better coffee/breakfast?
PMK is what prevent to generate the PTK and decrypt the traffic?
How long can a healthy person stay in a dry sauna?
Your are basically asking in a major part of this too broad question if you can trust somebody 100%. Unless you believe in fairy tales you should see that each person and institution has their own interest first and that you cannot trust anybody 100% to work in exactly your interest. Maybe you can get 99% trust, maybe even 99.9% trust but never 100%. This is not restricted to computer security but this is just real life.
SEMrush is probably just some SEO scum cralwer, harmless to your server.  massscan is what it sounds like, also harmless.  ZmEu does have malicious intents, but the probability that you're vulnerable to it is low.  // This stuff happen all the time.  You should be more worried if your server has not had a single attack in the last 24 hours.
Sure, happy to help. Don't forget to accept the answer and close the question.
Book series with weird family, witch mom
How did Einstein explain the photoelectric effect?
Was Darth Vader's lightsaber on the wrong side to stop Luke from killing Palpatine?
In the case of the VP, his ONLY Constitutionally mandated duty is to take over for the president.  So its reasonable to believe that he has agreed to it by accepting the position of VP and taking the Oath of Office.  Therefore, he may be unable to refuse?
Why are bulletproof vests illegal in many countries?
But if EM fields 'are' Photons, are we saying the universe is a universe of photons in every point in the fields... ? This is indeed a very different way to explain it which no book I read described it that way. It's usually a "it is what it is".. and therefore... we don't "really" understand 'photons'... but physics just quantifies its observational behaviors
@DoritoStyle Both perspective: de facto and legal
It's essentially mitm, by design. By installing a trusted certificate which relates to a proxy software (either on the laptop or remotely), you can intercept SSL traffic.
@JonK Money is not the issue, the issue is whether an online loophole allows purchasing firearms without a background check. As Brythan pointed out, online sales must be shipped to a local holder of a Federal Firearms License. That FFL holder will perform a background check on the purchaser. Only after that BG check has been passed is the purchaser allowed to take possession of the firearm. Thus, there is no Online Loophole.
The conclusions taken by James about the Blair Witch
Why car tail lights look red?
Probably European film about a elderly man lives in a small tin house far from civilization.
What is the first reference of solid metallic hydrogen as a tool in science fiction?
So the captain actually _expected_ the boat to survive the impact with the seabed? I thought this was one of the liberties that the film director took... It seems to me that collision puts so much strain on the hull that it could be fatal even on the lesser depth.
I agree with this assessment.  I think the reason why some IV drug users inject between the toes is actually for that reason - to disguise/hide what they are doing.
Here's a poll: http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/11/25/13733322/instant-runoff-ranked-voting-2016  Keep in mind that if we used a different system, the primary winners would be different, and voter turnout would be different, too.
Derivatives and integrals in the Poynting theorem
Nessus Denial of Service checks
Collection of stories about Scotland Yard detectives/police in a world where magic is part of the job?
@Luciano, he is asking about the ambiguous sexuality of the character, who we can ascertain is certainly Bi at least. The question seems to ask whether the tabboo of sexuality has been lifted in the future Besson's film...
Why is the energy of Gamma and Alpha radiation discrete while the energy of Beta radiation is not?
Which means that what you are really saying is that the Grashof numer is the ratio of $(inertial \cdot buoyancy)/viscous^2$, right? That's not quite the same as the interpretation that the OP was asking about. I stand by what I wrote.
Does the balloon fly higher if the volume of balloon is bigger?
Congratulations, this answer is the winner of the [monthly answer challenge](http://meta.movies.stackexchange.com/q/1795/49).
Old series about a normal boy getting super powers
What's the rigorous definition of phase and phase transition?
Which spells of Nathaniel would the amulet of Samarkand not protect Bartimaeus from?
@Valorum As I explained already, even two or three satellites could not fake a signal from Vega. There are not just three radio dishes on Earth with the sensitivity to receive such a signal, but hundreds. Could you predict in advance which of those hundreds will aim at Vega and get no signal? Two or three satellites can never fool hundreds of dishes. Just two or three satellites can't even fool 1 dish for more than a few minutes.
Why do we need HTTPS for static content? If we can have a checksum at the end signed by the private key, won't that prove the validity?
Movie about a troubled man that takes his own life by slowly drowning
Those more familiar with Linux could compare "Run as" with gksu
@SDH - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terran_Trade_Authority
How do actors create the same emotion during sound dubbing sessions?
@user1 That's a much harder question which depends on a lot of things besides just whether the website is delivered over a secure connection. In terms of the connection itself though, yes it does sound like this page is reasonably secure. Just be aware, as the warning message says, that _images_ you view on the site could potentially be spied on and/or modified by an attacker.
Is there Algorithm determining weakness of PIN-code?
The entire point of sanctions is to make the country politically untenable.  Of course they serve that purpose.
AFAIK, this isn't from any movie and was first revealed in Streep's speech. I can't find any mention of it *prior* to the Globes.
@TiStrga Does he also get out of paying taxes?
How to secure Google Account from SIM hijacking & intercepting Two factor SMS codes on the way & still keep it accessible?
Movie about an army of adolescents fighting, what I think they were tricked to believe were aliens?
Do H$_2$ fuel cells function the same as H?
What's the name of the new scifi or thriller tv show where in the trailer and it says something about "fixing" human beings
@AndrewTice *slow clap*
Are these sinusoids also function of **time**? Fourier (inverse) transform is **not** a superposition of elementary solutions of D'Alembert equation.
Variation of the Spin Connection
Dirac vs. Weyl spinors -- a proper introduction
@ThatWebDude possibly, but installing a profile can be risky depending on what changes that profile causes to the system. I'm still waiting for a plain username/password, which would work everywhere (from my new iPhone 7 to `wpa_supplicant` on Linux).
@TommyPKeane Just watched the whole thing :) Nope.
@BCdotWEB - Thanks!  I started with 'German film murderers couple' and quickly realized SE would be a better go-to as it allows a more elaborate question.  I'll keep in mind for any future ID questions to be more specific in google first; thanks for the help.
+1, I converted my comment to an answer while you were writing your (better) answer.
@CGCampbell the answer says that there is no reason to do this.  I am showing the reasoning for it.
What's Westernized about GDR? It's just English, which is the language of the rest of the question.
Procedure to choose voters for State Legislative Council
Goldman Sachs Alumni in Trump Administration
HSTS or any http-to-https redirect is a **bad** practice for an API: if the developer mistakenly use http instead of https, an automatic redirect will hide that error, and the API credentials will leak! If the http version of the API systematically answer an error, that kind of mistake can be avoided.
Live action program featuring woman with a bubble wand?
The graph in Figure 4.10 shows the displacement of a particle from a fixed equilibrium position
IIRC he gets killed at the end of genesis and then gets resurrected some time later by the daleks. So his absence in the original serial might be explained by him being dead at the time.
Thx! That explains a lot.
Where does Google search take my geolocation from?
skype for iphone image/link preview
I was actually thinking the most likely was a nomination that failed.
Was the Texas Photo ID voting law implemented to decrease voting fraud? If so, how effective is it?
I find the phrasing *"Besides terrorist attacks and drug control, what are some of the benefits of mass surveillance on U.S. citizens?"* a strange one. It's like asking something like "besides being able to earn money, what are the benefits of investing money"?
I don't think that you have answered anything that wasn't included in the question by the author of the question who specifically said that the textbooks do a good job to explain the equivalence and other things you have described in your answer. Also, I am surprised why your name is exactly the same as his. ;-)
What does Donald Trump's temporary refugee ban mean for Australia's resettlement deal signed last year?
Pale girl locked in a government facility? She escapes and begins killing everybody?
How did memory work in Old Who multi-Doctor stories?
@DavidWhite so I'd want to try something like a = (T-(m*g))/m?
What's the relationship among the many uses of the name "Galen" in sci-fi?
Thanks for your answer, I'll update the question and be more specific. For now, $z$ and $x$ are indeed accelerations. A wheel with imbalance is a wheel that's not spinning around it's center of mass. The phase and magnitude of the imbalance are the location of the mass and it's weight causing the wheel to be out of balance. This can be seen from a stationairy wheel, where the accelerometer is at a certain point (let's say o degrees from the x-as).
@blip  I've changed the final paragraph.  I haven't changed what I was *trying* to say, but hopefully it's clearer.
why do we need to control repulsive force on the electrons? How do we measure the stopping potential with this ? Can you link to me a picture of the actual setup to use the photoelectric effect in way to create current?
Another suggestion: Don't have any other websites open in the same browser while using the vulnerable website. This should reduce the chance of XSS attacks.
Cold War-era sci story about nuclear war between US and USSR. American survivors walk to Russia to resettle?
How does the Majority Judgment voting system fare?
One item that is missing from this answer - almost all crimes are prosecuted at the state level, including murder.  Sometimes there are crimes that fall into federal jurisdiction, or both.  Presidential pardon power pertains to forgiving crimes as recognized under federal statute, so promising to pardon someone for murdering a litterbug would not stop state and local criminal justice processes from moving forward and punishing an offender.
To start thinking about this you need to think about why there is resistance in the first place.   What prevents a charge carrier to accelerate without bound when subject to an electric field.
Then don't vote to close it in case someone comes up with a tool. He asked for either, and I personally would find this useful as well.
@Skynet I get that, but that;'s the question being asked
Was this the only example of a Starfleet issued hat?
It's too late for me now - I'm trying not to read anything else on this page! - but is it possible to reword this question to make it less of a spoiler?
At what point does friendship become "queerbait"?
Does grsecurity kernels available through Arch and Gentoo repos suitable for production?
Since users tend to reuse passwords, ideally the server wouldn't see the cleartext password, ever. That's why hashing the password before transferring it is a good idea. You could use the [SRP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol) protocol for that, but it's a bit more complicated than the scheme described in the question. Maybe you could use TLS-SRP?
Did Huxley detail the Brave New World setting outside of the book?
Are the state-level or municipal-level political parties in any way interdependent with the federal-level party of the same namesake?
Sweden rape statistics 2016
What specific consessions did Iraq make to be excluded from Trump's new executive order?
Why was Dev Patel nominated for Supporting Actor rather than Best Actor?
@bytebuster "come on Bytebuster, while Stalin's actions in 1944 can rightfully be called a genocide, comparing modern day Russia with nazi Germany is [clicks link] ... oh." To be pedantic, that was destroying Ukrainian culture, not Crimean Tatar culture.
This is, or rather will be when it happens, an Engineering SE topic. For moment, here is a short list and it seems there is a clear divide between biological based techniques and scaled down "factory" techniques. http://io9.gizmodo.com/5967198/8-incredible-nanotechnologies-that-actually-exist-in-the-real-world It's a popsci magazine article rather than any formal review, but it does seem we are still a low way away from building from scratch.
How did Bobby Bacala climb up so high in the Family ranks without popping his cherry?
Group velocity with gaussian pulse
@baister :)  no problem... will make it easier to search.
What is the breed of the cute dog in the new movie Get Out?
What episode of tom and jerry was this
Denial- Why not in American Courts?
Man, this brings back memories!
Honestly, I personally find that argument bull. If flying both are as conspicuous as the other. And HP brooms look sufficiently weird to not be a muggle broom. whereas a carpet, no matter the patterning would likely still look like a carpet. IMHO it is the broom that is more conspicuous.
this was one of my favorite movies when I was younger.  I also remembered the main actor because he is also in a movie called Down Periscope.  I had to find that movie to find his name so I could find this movie
["*He is currently studying fire slugs in the Brazilian rainforest.*"](https://i.imgur.com/thdZ0jv.jpg). (Although we know that some of the other Chocolate frog cards were written by Rowling, I think it's safe to assume that she [didn't write](https://i.imgur.com/ixViVld.jpg) the Hasbro ones.)
I'm voting to close this question as off-topic because it's not about politics, but language and language usage.
@KRyan True. My comment was actually motivated by NZKshatriya's remark about avoiding arguments at home, not by your explicit rejection of further discussion right here, which is perfectly sound. (Although, thinking about it, the clashing views on the Palestinians is possibly the elephant in the room, and motivation for the OP ("What reasons would that administration have?"); discussing the funds may be more of a placeholder discussion.)
@Blackwood You can get your own gene splicing kit by ordering a crispr-cas9 kit.
Could one of Voldemort's Death Eaters have killed or harmed Harry at Privet Drive?
Are central banks really as undemocratic as some people say they are?
This answer brings up good points, but as Blip mentioned its has no value unless you can source your answers. We're looking for well researched answers, not personal speculation.
Very interesting solution, going to take a look at it. Much thanks!
What was the significance of the tire iron?
that should have been it! great find, thank you
@Anoplexian - according to latest Disney "canon" (interview with J.J. Abrams), of course he shot first.
Gravitational force inside a sphere - Where is the mistake?
Resemblance to girl killed by subway
What are the initial and final angular velocities of the spaceship? Your algorithm doesn't mention torque at all. Are you really trying to compute torque.
Why didn't Harry Potter die in Deathly Hallows 2 when his death was written in the novel?
Does the cinematic version of Titanic (1997) include Rose Dawson's and J. Bruce Ismay's first steps on the Carpathia?
Effects of Legilimency used on someone
Can an original vampire compel someone in transition?
Bill Paxton improvised a few lines in Aliens, mostly the good ones. Mostly.
You could have simply read the wiki page.
I don't remember, didn't I tell you already?
Statistical mechanics aims at doing much more than merely deriving the equations of states of thermodynamic systems. Indeed, it allows you to address a multitude of questions that cannot be addressed with thermodynamics. Moreover, ergodicity (in its usual form) is irrelevant to statistical mechanics (this is discussed in many places on this site).
P.S thats interesting yours does it too. I'm sure I've successfully ARP spoofed over wireless in the fairly distant past (2008/2009). The last few times I tried the devices didn't let me (2011-12), and I never tried again or thought any more of it until I saw this question.
That's interesting, what if by some contrived scenario they were simply unable to swear him in, but it was after 12. Are they **able** to skip the oath?
How would this be traced back?
How is the schedule for Senate Committees determined in Canada?
If juries start granting a tax refund for the Obamacare penalty, what would happen?
These United States aren't a Democracy.
Apply 1st law for each step and you will find the answer.
This answer provides you with a basic overview of adding a pepper https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/3272/password-hashing-add-salt-pepper-or-is-salt-enough.  If you need help coding this in PHP you should try StackOverflow.  We're simply trying to keep questions here easy to understand and answer so they are useful to everyone.
And on Wikipedia, but it's the same quote.
Among the many advantages of film, the fact that you can keep the negatives in a metal box for 100 years and it will be preserved without any damage or associated cost is a tremendous advantage. A lot of digital data produced in the world will most likely disappear within the next 50 years by lack of time-resisting support or backup budget or skilled technicians.
I would challenge this definition of democracy. A true democracy is majority rule only, (c) and (d) are not part of the definition. The United States, of course, is a republic, not a democracy.
Foreign Film of two young brothers
Why is the book still wanted if Aida has memorized it?
Why is the gender pay gap so large in the United States despite the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
I think the two are very similar, but the lead character is a female detective, not a male. Also I am pretty sure there was a third character, but I don't know for certain. I am not sure what the documentary link is about, could you explain Valorum?
Is dynamics only concerned with systems that are accelerating?
What does "you'll end up needing a much bigger toothbrush" mean?
Welcome to the community. In terms of plot, that's not a lot to go on. Anything else for plot details? I hope you enjoy this place as much as I have.
Yes, sorry, I'll add it to the question.
That's such a strange thought now
@DCShannon - There are almost certainly other people on the ship also taking on additional responsibility. Kim merely happens to be the most visible (to us) because he's next to the guy driving, the guy who makes the guns go "pew-pew" and the shouty woman who tells everyone which direction to head in.
I strongly disagree with point 3. The second law of thermodynamics has strictly nothing to do with equilibrium statistical mechanics.
Related: http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/31247/2451 , http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/33990/2451 and links therein.
@OrangeDog or without a big prosthetic nose?
Can you recognize this virus?
Hypothetically giant telescope
Is "Logan" the last movie with Hugh Jackman as Wolverine?
Possible duplicate: http://physics.stackexchange.com/q/9122/2451
Sorry for not being clear earlier. I've updated my question. I am using a passphrase. The point of using PBKD is to not force users to use a specific length password.
Game theory: ignorant voting, when to pass, when to guess?
Why use $cos( \phi )$ in AC circuits?
Would the Star Wars Death Star in a low Earth orbit be torn apart by Earth's gravity?
Smurf Attack confusion
Radiation and waves in free space
It is a significant factor, though - they have practised doing this a lot. They know how to 'switch it on' when asked.
What is this monument in the intro of Stargate Season 4?
I Disagree. I think this is an audio trope that is interesting trivia.
Modern Data diodes for High security
@MartinSchröder Wait till the British boycott of German cars starts! The alternative to the EU is that everyone adopts the mentality of Trump. UK European enthusiasts need some support from the continent.
@JörgWMittag - And the smell before it rains.
Movie with couple that have an open marriage whether the husband likes it or not
In part, shooting darker is itself probably a pushback against the even, flat lighting that's also common, esp. on tv. So it's pushback on pushback on pushback as with so many things. But another trend is also more frenetic action scenes with freely moving cameras (the _Bourne_ movies did this, Michael Bay made it worse); that probably also carries some of the blame for actions scenes being harder to follow, not just the lighting.
I saw this in the US as "I Come In Peace", I remember the line between them, Alien: "I come in Peace", Dolph: "The you can go in pieces"  Not a bad movie for the time
I haven't check it out but the movie I'm looking for is in color. and I think not that old
Consequences for ethics violations by President and White House staff
Really nobody out there?
@Luaan, sure, USA is top-feared
Seemingly, the yellow strip is segmented into buttons. #1 and #2 were not used.
Why do White Walkers wear clothes? Or why were they once (nearly) naked?
I believe the radio adaptation put an Imperial spy on the Tantive IV; but I don't think there's been a canon explanation yet
How to write down the killing vectors for $S^n$?
In Seveneves, what happens to this mission?
So your short answer to my question "It doesn't need it per se. And it doesn't have a purpose per se". For me I can't imagine the assistance of any physical phenomenon for no purpose, there must be a strong reason why superposition is a reality!
Congratulations, this question is the winner of the [corresponding topic challenge](http://meta.movies.stackexchange.com/q/2604/49).
What do the dancing men say in "The Final Problem" of Sherlock?
Who is the brewer at the end of Lovecraft's Celephais?
Identify this latin movie of teenagers killing people they don't like
@Polygnome In a lot of US states (again, these things are done by state) there IS some kind of ID check. Mine requires you to show either your voter ID card, or some kind of government issued photo ID. The main reason this hasn't been done are historical. Every citizen over 17 has a RIGHT to vote, but not everyone HAS such an ID, and states have a bad history of using any kind of voting restriction for partisan and/or racist purposes.
Was the scenery in Casper (1995) CGI?
Empire testing powershell commands
I believe there would be an almost equally productive middleground.  Double the shield capabilities so the shots on the other cheek are not debilitating and then have a few very dramatic weapons that one can shoot across the bows (even directed away from the field of battle) after the first enemy shot to indicate the strength of firepower to angry opponents.
Sauron still had considerable forces in Barad-Dur, the Last Alliance were harried all the way to Barad-Dur & i'm pretty sure the orcs sortied a lot & rained arrows and stones down on the besiegers, Anarion being killed in the 6th year by a stone from the tower. Also I think Sauron, in his arrogance, never thought that anyone would want to destroy the ring, he thought all would be twisted and wish to dominate as he did.
I am not sure this data can be recovered without significant degradation even with pretty good hw support. But the theoretical possibility exists.
I think this might end up being a duplicate for [this question](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/q/12043/2292) -- Not that it's exactly the same question, but that the same answer resolves both.
That's but one piece of evidence that suggests an Indian setting. The street performances, the pagri style turbans, Jasmine bearing her midriff like a Mughal princess (like zero other princesses in an Islamic setting), Mughal style architecture (some of which is virtually isolated to India), etc. The reverse, i.e. things not found in India, isn't true. There aren't things, depicted in the film, which aren't found in India.
Also, **don't [attempt to vandalise](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/review/suggested-edits/100015) someone's answer** when they've put effort into trying to help you.
Maybe tiny hair can have a sort of velcro effect on wool...
@isanae Do you have evidence to back that up? Tolkien seems to say in the quote I give above that childhood extends until age 20 or so.
Only your own personal insight will satisfy your own personal tastes. Other people have different tastes.
How hitting small transformer blacked out whole rio city?
Take a look at http://ictwiki.iitk.ernet.in/wiki/index.php/Particle_in_an_Infinite_Potential_Well - the part on stationary states (c) in essence tells you that you can take a Fourier series approach to obtaining the solution for a generalized potential well. The only requirement is that it have a finite range - which your well has.
Did Ross Perot really cost George H. W. Bush the election in 1992?
Is there any term for this when a movie doesn't end as its plot suggests?
Maybe. Normal file change patterns differ from filesystem change patterns. Maybe the Dropbox algorithm won't be able to handle change patterns occuring on a filesystem container efficiently. You'd need to test it in order to see if the sync algorithm Dropbox uses is smart enough.
@humanityANDpeace  Modem, no router inside.
Patrick... would it be possible for you to explain the client isolation bypass process once more in a little less tech version? Say, using a smart phone to bounce communications of a wifi router to another smart phone without being logged into the router itself. Thanks,.Bill
Mid 80s HBO Sci-Fi kids movie - depressed young girl who lives on Mars and misses Earth
Issue with MITM attack using Kali Linux as virtual machine with only one physical NIC on host machine
You are better off using port knocking with a 16+ packet sequence, unless someone analyzed the source code, or captured every packet it would be nearly impossible to detect the backdoor.
...and don't forget $g$.
How much can regeneration change the Doctor (any timelord)?
@colmde In the episode from DS9 you quote, the UTs are shown to be in their ears (but quite easy to access).
@JFA unless your name is Winston Churchill, who switched party *twice* and on the second occasion said *"anyone can rat, but it takes a certain ingenuity to re-rat."*
Existence of monochromatic pulses?
Who drafts the executive order Trump signs?
What is the fundamental problem with US-Iran relations nowadays?
Trying to find stories that were published on Fatalistic.net or Fatalism.net
Entanglement as determined correlation
"Our physics teacher is holding his ground" — Has your physics teacher taught you about what Galileo did to Aristotle? Time for an experiment!
[Security Now Episode #583 'Drammer'](https://www.grc.com/securitynow.htm) or read its [transcipt](https://www.grc.com/sn/sn-583.txt) from *An ancient bug that was actually attempted to be fixed once*
And for any future similar schemes, remember The Golden Rule of Password Management, derived from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerckhoffs's_principle : A good password is one that you should be able to explain *exactly* how it was generated *without any loss of security*. If you might be even *faintly* reluctant to explain every step of the process *in detail*, you're doing it wrong. For obvious reasons, this scheme does not pass that test.
Any tips for windows tech support scammer "trolling"?
Best current methods for preventing data leakage from SSD
The question was who this person was, and there's a whole lot more to who a person is than their name. Also, the answer seemed to totally ignore the "and why is he important" half of the question. I thought that the extra info might help fill that in. If you disagree, I suppose I could take it to its own answer...
@Omegacron:   It looks like you should answer [this](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/150472/does-logan-wolverine-get-drunk)
Thanks for the edit I was not sure how to ask.
Manual single-purpose registration make vote suppression much easier.
Thanks @Anders. Following your clue and given OWASP page i was able to test my application against session fixation and found it positive. Now looking for remote testing. Trying to grab the cookie remotely using javascript script. Have any idea how to test it?
@David it depends what you want to do... $\Phi'$ can be endowed with many topologies (ultraweak, weak,etc.). The point is whether you need or not the topological properties of the dual. Usually on distributions one does not look at topological aspects.
Sorry, for clarification - the final "password" should be of length of random generated string - e.g. 20 chars.
Now I get it.What would happen if temperature is not high enough so that relation is not good?
What is the meaning of the cop's words?
Or just have a cronjob every Z seconds to clear the fail count with the pam_tally command.
Where can I find the relationship between an Act Of Parliament and the Bill that was passed to create or amend it?
The inauguration is definitively unnecessary. This came up when there were questions about whether Obama said his oath properly. He became present at noon of that day regardless of when he took the oath.
They were about electrons reflecting light and I had this question in mind so I asked it.
But how could I use 3rd party cookies for authentication on another server? I don't understand the idea. Could you tell more? I guess there would be a way to to log in without passwords. I can make an api on these sites that would programmaticaly log them in, I only need to figure out how to create, store and use authentication tokens for the api.
@DavidGrinberg - That is also the domain of the answerer. To answer this, you would basically have to know about a political theorist which constructed citizenship in such a way as to explicitly allow for things like that to happen. I don't know of any, so I can't offer you a tip on what the result might look like.
@Tim - I'm not sure I can accept that answer, but I if properly baked up from the quotes I am pretty sure it'd be an upvotable one.
I suggest you compare the scheme with SSH password-less login. .http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/9870/are-passwordless-ssh-logins-more-secure
The answer is fine. It's a duplicate question and could be closed and deleted. (Or kept for additional keywords so that people that use search terms like mine could find the answer.)
Late 70s sci-fi novel about inter-dimensional travel at will
Any source for the information?
Will choosing AES-128 for phase1 and AES-256 for phase2 in s-to-s VPN reduce the security?
If a hacker steals data i keep on a server, can i be held liable by the UK data protection act?
What part of Sanctuary City deportation is unconstitutional?
It's not clear from that whether a factory reset would clear the device name.  That may be interesting if you treat it as identifying then dispose of the phone.
Sphere of circumferential radius $r$
Deanonymising social networks
You people should try going to [Thong](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thong,_Kent) sometime.
Could someone actually survive an F-5 category tornado in this manner?
public/private classes and encryption algorithms are completely unrelated. Don't hold any presumptions and consult the manual.
@CountIblis: Nice comment, but I suppose if the DS can zip around the galaxy it's got enough "puff" to keep from falling in :)
@ sammy gerbil please if you have a thought on this I would really like to see you explanation on the subject.  It helps me a lot!
Maybe the people on the other end only check their email every four years.
Ian Fleming is going to take some beating. Then again, John le Carré & Agatha Christie could be formidable opponents...
No, what you write is wrong: $\phi$ and $\theta$ are *coordinates*, not *indices*. In index notation, where $x^3=\phi$ and $x^2=\theta$, you want to compute
@Puddler Well, see [this](http://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/17063/why-blame-batman-for-the-crimes-commited-by-harvey-dent) and [this](http://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/60486/why-couldnt-harveys-killings-be-pinned-on-the-joker).
How is the CPEC possible?
Thank you, exactly what I needed.
Is the Millennium Falcon seen in Attack of the Clones?
Remove zlib compression, maybe. There are attacks that use compression, I don't know if they're applicable in sftp context. Otherwise I don't see a problem, it's not like this is ssh you use to administer the server - if you can't connect you're not locked out and can relax the settings. If the server supports elliptic curve crypto, ecdh and ed25519 keys are better than your config.
@Gert Yes, it is launched in a gravitational field. I am assuming the if there is no gravity then the initial and final velocity of the projectile would be same.
Ok thanks for suggestion, edited the post. Indeed I am curious what is the distance from an object where it's temperature influence reaches 0. I need a formula of some sort.
What is the actual time relationship between the Land and our Earth realities?
Of course Yoda believes in midi-chlorians.
Can I trace malicious email sent through a cloud hosting service?
I saw a study that compared the responsiveness of elected officials to wealthy interest groups compared to their responsiveness to the preferences of average citizens. Comparing a measurement like that between different countries could answer this question.
Is there a trope for cowboys who laugh after punching something?
Electric field of a half and quarter segment
Heisenberg uncertainty principle, what is it?
@TankorSmash I think you just did it for me, in a way. However, the film translates "baba yaga" to "the boogeyman" (or, rather, it says that Wick is the "the guy you send to _kill the boogeyman_"), which is very different from the Russian myth of a supernatural forest-dwelling woman... The movie's point, however, is just to say that Wick is practically more myth than man. The details of the myth they refer to aren't too important.
Thanks, @Valorum, for fixing the quote :)  I just couldn't get it pieced together fully from the little snippets I could find.
Is this a laptop in the Weasley's house?
Seeing the 1/R relationship definitely cleared it up for me. I didn't know that gravity worked in that way. I figured it is stronger near the center of a spherical object but it doesn't increase because the matter doesn't increase. However, if the radius is reduced (it becomes more dense), gravity increases until a limit is reached (eg PEP). Thanks!
Horror movie that involves a trailer in the woods and a quarantine zone
I agree with MSalters. Otherwise a very good answer.
Is the Australia Post CEO's income excessive?
Wildcard Paths with semanage fcontext
Volume element in radial integration
How can we treat dV like this?
Exercises on total angular momentum
besides using the latest stable version and reporting any vulnerabilities you find to the authors?
"keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer."  -- Niccolò Machiavelli?
You will run into trouble with DOM-based XSS since you likely won't get a meaningful stack trace then.
Have US presidential farewell addresses traditionally been broadcast?
so yes.  The answer depends on the static coefficient of friction, which does not depend on the mass of the object. see http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/frict2.html
Then perhaps you need to make that clearer...plus there is no evidence that Will is doing any of the things you mention.
Why tech giants are unable to prevent piracy/cam(rip)?
Rise in tempature in adiabatic process
Perhaps the best-known usage of rotoscoping: in the original *Star Wars* trilogy, the actors used lightsaber props with simple metal rods sticking out of them.  The brightly-colored glowing blades were drawn on.
Well, they don’t have to know…
What's the book called "House of Leaves" in House of Leaves?
sorry, you're correct. FMLA is unpaid - i was totally fooled by my anecdotal familiarity as I never saw a company where it was unpaid. But that isn't the law, apparently.
Could a US President abuse their pardon powers to unilaterally make laws?
Do the machines seek out *all* life or just sentient life?
When did the custom of ex-President non-interference begin?
Why does the machine give the number of Terry Easton?
@treq What are you trying to calculate? You are mentioning the sun and earth, so I assume you want to get to the Solar constant (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_constant). In that case, just divide by $A$ in the Stefan-Boltzmann law.
Why would a liberal be nervous under a conservative majority House/Senate/President, when a Senate vote for cloture requires 60 votes?
Why exactly does the size of the North matter to the answer?
Why are some transitions in an atom preferred more than others?
For a somewhat detailed explanation of Marsh and other establishment clause jurisprudence you can go here: http://www.becketfund.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/Rassbach-1_Formatted-3.pdf
@andrew that's not how it works here...
Photon timeline and reference frame
@DavidGrinberg: "Unjustly biased" was not part of your previous comment. And not being on the same page as somebody else is a far cry from it. Walking out is not a solution.
Name of a children/teenager fantasy novel involving a kid going through trials to become ruler?
@GustavoGabriel Yes, please add this as an answer, listing the seven films.  When I updated my question to use James Bond openings as examples, I was thinking of Skyfall but had no idea they had actually used drones already five years ago.
How has Trump issued the Muslim ban if it violates the 14th amendment?
@iMerchant okay, fair enough -- I didn't catch that. Still, the title+question makes roughly as much sense as "are animals of Middle-Earth inherently evil?"... or maybe it would be better to write "Are all fantastical beasts on Middle-Earth inherently evil"?
Jumping political party OK after being elected by people into a party?
Is running "apt-get upgrade" every so often enough to keep a Web-server secure?
Well I was thinking that during S9E2 when the doctor gives davros some regeneration energy he kinda comments that it could cost him a leg or something so when he next regenerates I have a feeling that that could cause a problem for a completely new body so reverting back to an old one could be solution. Yeah this is just a theory I have as I really really really wish that Matt would return <3
@Paulie_D - Related but it doesn't go into what metrics (minutes on screen/salary/etc), if any, are used to help the studio determine who ends up being lead actor/actress.
By this I simply mean: What will its order of magnitude be.
Although I use Wikipedia I can't agree with the definition of an EM **field**. What we can observe are electric fields, magnetic fields and EM radiation. Any force field reacts on another field of the same kind and this second field react in the same way on the first field, actio = reactio. eM radiation can act with its light pressure on other bodies or in detail photons can excite electrons, but this is not the interaction of a field.
The above is not correct... How do I remove it as an answer?
So, I'm trying to convert 0.5 kWh/(m^3 °C) and getting 1,800,000  J/(m^3 K). Is this answer correct?
As requested, I have re-edited my original post to provide, hopefully, clarification.
Yes!! This is the movie!! Thank you!!
Story identification - Looking for a young adult fantasy/scifi book about Ancient Egypt
Can we always remove WWW from a host name?
When does someone from England identify themselves as British versus identifying themselves as English?
A magnets north pole and south pole
@NapoleonWilson - i mean, I hear tons of people griping - enough to know it's a "thing", but it's all individual complaints. The "mass viewers" means some sort of organized thing - e.g. a poll/survey indicating general opposition to the approach, or petition, or just clearly-demonstrable public complaints that can be measured e.g. on rotten tomatoes
Will a point charge in space have any electric energy?
Do the Q exist in and use Subspace technology?
In Pokémon why do the pokeballs change size?
The following relevant paper was just published in ApJ at:  [https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aa5da6](https://doi.org/10.3847/1538-4357/aa5da6).  It discusses damage to a spacecraft hull from the interstellar gas and dust in detail.
If you want to say that one parameter is much smaller than the other, you'd write $x\ll y$.
I find the requirement to be a control of political speeches - how people organize for political purposes is a form of political speeches. Why should we prohibited non-democratic forms of political organization when we insist that government shouldn't be in thee business of controlling how people voice their views?
Why ask Billy for help instead of Castiel in S12E09: First Blood?
Misinformation or disinformation?
And of course Susskind (Stanford) on YouTube and James Binney of Oxford also on YouTube.  Best of luck with it, I self study myself, the big drawback is you have to force yourself to do the exercises, which are vital, even with no exams.
In Star Trek, why do Federation / Starfleet ships always seem to delay returning fire until it's almost too late?
The resistance is four times **lower** so the current increases by four times but the current density (current/area) stays the same.
Ahhh...so, that explains Harry Doyle saying that he makes the catch "Willy Mays style"  I know absolutely nothing about baseball, but I love this movie :)
I didn't downvote, but this doesn't really answer the question.  The OP is asking how to read the memory of a running process not decompile the Java bytecode.
Is Eve or Margo Nick Marshall's mother?
How does Gogo's meteor hammer work?
Just from reading the synopsis at [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchester_by_the_Sea_(film)), it would seem it was his way of not 'making himself comfortable' at a place he had no intention of staying in, once his obligations to his deceased brother were taken care of.
How do I decide dimensions of a logarithmic function?
Expected consequence of the term $\theta F^{\mu\nu}\tilde{F}_{\mu\nu}$ in the Standard Model
There's a missing factor of $i$ in the kinetic term and a missing factor of $-1$ in the mass term. Also, Schwarzschild implies a singularity at the center, whilst you are searching for a non-singular solutions, right?
Fastest path for a gravity train
Brexit: leaving Customs Union and/or Single Market -- what do these things really mean?
Who are these speedsters in The Legion of Doom (Season 2 Episode 10)?
snapes father was a muggle?
How to securely connect to a database with PHP?
What is proxyjudge.info?
House MD s5 e18 Here Kitty. Was the cat real or CGI?
Was Sally Yates acting within her authority in defying Trump's executive order?
Yes, It matters (at least for me)
Did any actor ever win an Oscar for their work in a horror movie?
i.e. Euclidean space.
Are these log entries normal?
$\mathrm{AdS}_3$ Bulk-to-bulk propagator in global coordinates
Was Brett egg morphing?
Do you mind specifying what your local nation is?
Why did the crew treat Data this way?
Its unclear what you are asking ,can you please edit the question?
All nearby routers are blocking mine
Is "Virus Scanner Plus" a legitimate product?
Can light have an irrational wavelength?
@DavidGrinberg The 3/5 compromise had nothing to do with the status of the slaves. It only had to do with the apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives. The North (free states) wanted slaves to not count because they were not considered citizens in the slave states and the South (slave holding states) wanted them to count fully (to increase thir political power).
Thank you. I'm so glad the internet was 'invited'(LOL)!
Regarding US embassy move to Jerusalem
Does the Klingon Empire use money?
Teddy Roosevelt had a somewhat weird situation as well.  The Republicans probably *should* have primaried Taft in favor of him, but they didn't and it (may have) cost them the WH.
@CraigHicks I think people usually talk about the centroid of voters, not the minimized sum of distances (geometric median), since a single voter moving around can move the median around a lot
In Pushing Daisies Digby has lived much longer than a normal dog since he's been "alive again"; is he immortal? Therefore is Chuck immortal?
Nothing is free. The US didn't do this out of the goodness of their heart. Their military protection let them get away with many things that might otherwise not have been supported by other countries. Spending this much on military power was always a business decision in the end.
I don't think its possible to give you a quantitative measure of how much forward security multiple hash functions would buy. Basically, using multiple hash functions guards against a weakness in any one of them, so as long as just one survives through the decades, you're safe. But you can't put that into probabilities without making assumptions about the future.
That is part of my question - will it? OR rather - can we say 100% it definitely never will
Does Ruby Rhod fall under rainbow umbrella, is it even established in the film?
Awesome answer! Thank you very much!
The temperature at the center is maximum, so its derivative is zero.
How many "Oscars" are given out per category
How music piece usage rights work in TV vs YouTube?
The thing that is not completely clear for me is: Must the three points be true for one request, or for the sum of all requests of the application?.i.e: Am I vulnerable if I serve static resources *with* HTTP-level compression and API-Calls/JSON-Data that reflect user-input *without* HTTP-level compression from the same server?
Authenticate client service to network device
What is the definition of perpetual motion of a weight lifting machine?
Has Batman ever said he hates the Joker?
Why didn't Cloak of Levitation save Doctor Strange the first time he got stabbed?
Did John Woo invent the flying-double-pistol-jump?
Linear scale transformations for bosons and fermions
Is quadratic dependence of kinetic energy on velocity a consequence of time dilation?
LoL!  I meant the democratic voting system of stack exchange left you with only a -1 (until I upvoted you to 0).
What is the advantage of making a BEC in space?
How do I configure Symantec AV to permit pentesting tools without compromising my organization's network and my host computer?
@Bob Bee, thank you for the response, I've accepted it, I hope someone will come up with the right process, I read about the quantum gravity in wikipedia before and I thought that the exact interaction between matter-energy and spacetime is already known before trying to unify them, but now I think that all those theories avoid the problem and trying hard to unify an effect (gravity) to the other forces.
I'm not sure why this is getting downvotes. Some constructive criticism please?
The title is about liberals and conservatives, while the question text is about Republicans and Democrats. That's a bit confusing. There are liberals and conservatives in both parties.
Which body coordinates Ministries of Magic across the globe?
Is the story arc of "The Twelve" available in collected format?
The bonus question could become a separate question on its own.
Is this vector identity correct?
I assume you have heard of [sonograms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medical_ultrasound)?
Gas chromatography with thermal conductivity detector - a small electronic component
Virtual machine against screenshot / key-logging trojans?
Why didn't Voldemort just Kill Harry the old Fashioned way? With a knife or something else?
IIRC, the movie director submits a list of award categories he thinks his film should be considered for to the academy.  The academy then decides which of those categories the film should be properly nominated for (No, they don't watch *every movie* made in a given year in order to pick nominations.)  My guess would be that the director submitted a blanket list of every category he could think of, and the fact that both of these got through was an oversight.
In Legends, they built at least one Death Star prototype out of an asteroid; http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Eye_of_Palpatine
